1	“20 years ago when began, very few people felt comfortable coming forward and reporting these crimes,” Wolf said in a statement.
2	$900 thousand for that house?
3	A 2017 USGS report boosted its potential for oil development.
4	A 20% chance of evening rain.
5	A 30 percent chance of rain showers this afternoon to go along with cloudy conditions and a high temperature of 58 degrees.
6	A 30-year-old Thai woman, who was working as a maid at an apartment in Penang, Malaysia, has been released after being arrested for alleged drugs trafficking.
7	• A 35-year-old man brought in by EMS paramedics.
8	A 36-year-old man from Mahabaleshwar has been arrested for allegedly cheating people of Rs 94 lakh through various online schemes.
9	A 60-year-old, identified as Barsingh, was killed in the accident, while another 60-year-oldhas been admitted to the ICU.
10	A: Addressing a hardware vulnerability with a software update presents significant challenges and mitigations for older operating systems that require extensive architectural changes.
11	Aaron Kyle was taken 11 picks later by the Dallas Cowboys.
12	Aaron Paul (left) and Dominic Cooper (right) star in Need For Speed.
13	A ball chair and other interior elements in orange, black and green hues uplift its appearance.
14	A barbershop for men and women, Guys and Dolls offers custom cuts, luxurious shaves, everyday styles and up-do’s.
15	Abbott said he’ll meet Wednesday with gun rights and gun control advocacy groups and Thursday with victims of the attack at Santa Fe High School and the November attack on a church in Sutherland Springs.
16	A B.C. Supreme Court justice three years ago upheld a decision that an eight-year-old child could not be at home unsupervised for the two hours between the end of the school day and 5 p.m., when his single mom completed her workday.
17	Abderrazak earned the respect of Moroccans and Canadians alike for her courageous initiative, even though she has not yet finished her medical studies.
18	Abdulrahman Alsulaiman is an international student from Saudi Arabia and the president of the Saudi Student Association.
19	A beneficiary Sibongile Serekejo said, “Nothing is given for free these days except by good and caring people.
20	Aberdeen Assassin Lee McAllister’s 10th round win over Englishman Danny Williams – the man who once knocked out “Iron” Mike Tyson – is making headlines the world over.
21	Aberdeenshire Health and Social Care Partnership leaders are concerned staff might lose their skills if they are not able to practice them often.
22	A big ace closes the set.
23	A bill that would ban the manufacture and sale of cosmetic products that rely on animal testing has finally cleared the Senate.
24	A book series is a sequence of books having certain characteristics in common that connect them as a group.
25	“About 100 members from the Isipingo SAPS and its partners; the Isipingo CPF, Isipingo Concerned Residents, Lotus Park and Orient sub-forums, Alpha and PT Alarms, participated in the awareness walk.
26	“About 12.5 percent of California’s endemic species are only found on serpentine soil.
27	About 30 vendors will offer items.
28	About 74 delegates from 27 countries are participating in the two-day conference.
29	About 90 percent of them are middle-aged women or older, said Dr. Ilan Wittstein, who led the original study.
30	About three years ago, the two reconnected.
31	Abraham’s suit is anchored on his rejection of the outcome of the APC’s September 3, 2016 primary from which Akeredolu emerged as the party’s candidate and went on to win the November 26, 2016 governorship election in the state.
32	A bridesmaid removed from a friend’s wedding party reached out to JetBlue via Twitter to get a refund for her cross-country flight, writing: “I am laughing & crying & must avoid this wedding at all costs”
33	A British moviegoer has died after a freak accident that wouldn’t be out of place in a film.
34	A British QC who was accused of sadistically beating boys attending Christian holiday camps in the 1970s and 80s has died at his home in Cape Town.
35	Abs Masterbatch Market in World, presents critical information and factual data about Abs Masterbatch Industry, with an overall statistical study of this market based on market drivers, market limitations, and its future prospects.
36	A bucket of pickled herring, which she slowly picked her way through over the winter.
37	ABUJA – The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Ibrahim Idris, on Thursday said the police had recovered more than 4,000 prohibited firearms across the country.
38	Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 7,114,934 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $586,434,000 after purchasing an additional 586,200 shares in the last quarter.
39	A California Coastal Commission hearing on the project will be delayed following City Council approval of an extension requested by CenterCal.
40	A caller Saturday night in the 700 block of Fifth Street in Kalona reported multiple barking dogs in the neighborhood.
41	A case of business robbery has been opened at Greenwood Park SAPS.
42	A case of child neglect has been opened after Eastern Cape police found two toddlers left unattended and locked in a shack.
43	Accepting that his rival had won three percentage points more than him, Alegre said that nothing could stop the pace of change.
44	Accordingly the Corporation appointed Mr. Babatunde Alabi as the Receiver Manager to take immediate possession of the expansive property situate at Plot No.1376, Cadastral Zone, A07, Wuse 11, Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja.
45	According to a 2002 BBC documentary, the convent at the heart of the heart of the "nuns vs. Katy Perry" scandal was once ground zero for a creepy psychological experiment conducted by New Age humanistic psychologists Drs. Carl Rogers and William Coulson.
46	According to a press release issued by General Manager Rick Parker, the decision was a direct result of the “direction of the Lassen and Plumas National Forest timber programs and the resulting lack of adequate timber supply in the foreseeable future.”
47	According to a representative with the Colorado State Patrol, one of the individuals involved was killed, while another sustained serious injury.
48	According to Boerma, he did not like suspending the pupil, but an example must be set for the other high school pupils.
49	According to Britain, a forced marriage is when one or both spouses do not consent to marriage.
50	According to Counterpoint Research's Market Pulse programme, 51.2 million smartphones were sold during the holiday season quarter of 2017.
51	According to county officials, the contractor mistook property boundaries due to a miscommunication.
52	According to court documents, Dale Withem allegedly struck a vehicle a short time later, and fled that scene, as well.
53	According to Daily Sun, the crisis rocking the Ogun State chapter of the Labour Party (LP), on Monday, took a dramatic turn as the party held two state congresses, to elect state officers of the party.
54	According to eyewitness, the baby was wrapped in ‘Celestial church’ material and appears to be dead.
55	According to federal rules, the state’s performance bonus must be reinvested in SNAP related activities such as technology, improvements in administration and distribution, fraud prevention or other eligible activities.
56	According to FKNK, “reality and fact prove exactly the opposite and show that today’s hunters are foremost in educating about protected species and environmental initiatives done to help visiting birds.”
57	According to guitarist Richard Kruspe in an interview with Consequence Of Sound, the band is in Los Angeles "finishing up the last mixes, and it’s going to come out probably in April of 2019."
58	According to her, the new excise duty rates were spread over a three-year period from 2018 to 2020 in order to moderate the impact on prices of the products.
59	According to him, it only takes one crossover vote or two abstentions from the Government side for them to win.
60	According to him, the government was prepared to convert the facilities at TOR into a tank farm for the storage of refined petroleum products for internal use and exports.
61	According to him, we must continue to insist that the care of the youth needs to be taken more seriously than we are doing at the moment.
62	According to his spokesman, the buses are not for free, but are to be used to raise monies from the constituency level of the party.
63	According to Humire, the three-quarters standard is a way to measure foreign involvement in Latin America.
64	According to Israel, 17 people lost their lives in the attack -- 12 in the school building, two just outside the building, one was on the street, and two at the hospital.
65	According to its executive manager, Khane-Irani, which is run by several architects and interior designers, tries to build empathy for simple folk styles of decoration in homes.
66	According to Julian Jones, senior vice president, corporate development with Vancouver’s Impark, “We’re a business, we’re not a municipality,” he said.
67	According to Katrina M. Walker, DHS English teacher and NHS co-adviser, along with Oyoka Sharkir, the NHS group has four standards of character, service, leadership and scholarship.
68	According to manager Jose Mourinho, the issue partially revolves around the point of the season in which the Chilean arrived.
69	According to Mayfield Heights Police Department, a woman received a call Monday afternoon from a man who threatened to kill her husband over an alleged accident.
70	According to me, whichever Asian team travels to England tend to struggle.
71	According to OutRight Action International, opposition from conservative religious groups was strong.
72	According to reports, Ranbir went to Alia's house for a dinner with her family.
73	According to scientists at Leeds University, when a toilet is flushed with the lid open, bacteria sprays into the air around the toilet, causing sickness.
74	According to Seesux and several other sources, McFogg the Dog’s behaviour seemed out of character and more whiny, and he was more inclined to binge and Instagram his avocado toast — in other words, more “millennial.”
75	According to Shaw, Claire had a desire to help the area and spoke with her mother.
76	According to sources in the Sri Lankan government, Colombo has sought a detailed business plan from New Delhi on how it plans to run the Mattala airport.
77	According to Spanish outlet El Mundo Deportivo, the leader of the Spanish club, Eric Abidal, affirmed to the young player Abidal’s desire to keep El Haddadi, rather than loan him to another club.
78	According to Tania Campbell, DA spokesperson for Health and Social Development in Ekurhuleni, the objective of the march was to highlight the drugs and substance abuse in the metro and create more awareness.
79	According to the Aurora Police Department, the vehicle Manaras was driving was reported stolen earlier in the day.
80	According to The Banker, Africa’s economic fortunes improved over the 2017 review period following a difficult couple of years in which lower commodity prices hit the performance of the continent’s largest markets.
81	According to the dossier, Michael Cohen met with Russian agents in Prague to discuss election help.
82	According to the former Minister, the statement is also an indictment on the the VP, who has been in power for almost four years but has nothing good to say about his own people.
83	According to the Iranian Christian news agency, these believers - a Christian convert called and 11 other Christians - were arrested on Tuesday, April 7, 2015.
84	According to the patrol, troopers stopped a 2015 Jeep Patriot with Georgia plates was stopped for speeding along I-71 in Cuyahoga County.
85	According to the police, the accused identified as Rishabh, 22, and Chaitanya, 21, are the residents of JJ Colony in Shakurpur and Rohini — both in north-west Delhi.
86	According to the Polk County Sheriff’s office, the Fertile Fire Department and County EMS responded to a structure fire around 4:30PM Saturday at 42-7-38 US Highway 32.
87	According to the report, a survey of 120 staff across three countries found between 11 and 14% witnessed or experienced sexual assault.
88	According to the RG's Office Clients Service Charter, the cheapest passport valued at $53 should be issued within four weeks.
89	According to the rules, Kumar’s tenure will come to an end in October 2020.
90	According to the San Francisco Police Department's accident report, the incident occurred at relatively low speeds, with the Cruise test vehicle driving at 12 mph and the motorcycle traveling at 17 mph.
91	According to town staff, if the council adopts the ombudsman program, an additional Town department may also need to be formed.
92	According to University Health News, seizures, tooth decay, and chronic itching can also be signs you're calcium deficient.
93	According to WABetaInfo, users will see a special icon next to a person's name if they take a screenshot or recording of your story.
94	According to Wildlife Education Center Manager Emily Nestlerode, “Visitors will be able to get a rare, close view of majestic birds of prey and learn about their remarkable adaptations and natural history.
95	Accra, May 6, GNA – Herewith results of the Ghana Premier League (GPL) results after match day 12, at the various league centers.
96	A century ago people were killing each other by the millions in Europe over the nationalist question, and now, you just have a referendum.
97	ACG Wealth boosted its stake in shares of Palo Alto Networks by 15.8% in the 3rd quarter.
98	"A cheap U.S. dollar making U.S. goods more competitively priced abroad, and growth among U.S. trading partners, supported regional exports while regional economic growth boosted purchases from abroad," Goss said.
99	Achilleas Karamanlis, former conservative minister and vice chairman of the Constantine Karamanlis Foundation, has criticized the agreement between Athens and Skopje on the name dispute “as the worst possible solution” for Greece’s national interests.
100	A coastguard spokesman said: “We received numerous 999 calls at Aberdeen Coastguard reporting a male had fallen from his jet ski at Stonehaven and was struggling in the water.
101	A commemoration ceremony was held Sunday morning for the 175th anniversary of the day the Wyandot Indians left Ohio.
102	A community elder at a Nooruz celebration burning juniper before festivities begin.
103	A complete withdrawal of U.S. troops from Syria would still leave a sizable U.S. military presence in the region, including around 5,200 troops across the border in Iraq.
104	A comprehensive investigation on market players, types, application, and geographical areas is also given in the report.
105	A coroner’s report is expected on Wednesday morning.
106	A county sheriff is apologizing for accidentally leaving his gun in a mid-Michigan school gym locker room.
107	“A couple of customers did their Christmas meat order from us with the app and those came to a couple of hundred pounds each.
108	A CPS spokesperson said: “This case was charged following careful consideration of the evidence in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors.
109	A crime against humanity is what it is.
110	A crime report highlighting the previous month’s crime statistics for Cleveland SAPS was presented by visible policing (Vispol) commander, Lt Ximbuxu Mushwana.
111	Across Europe Bird is quickly expanding across Paris (it’s first European city), Brussels, Vienna, Antwerp, Zurich and Madrid, which launched yesterday.
112	Across the board, the Jefferson City School System had the lowest local failure rates from elementary through high school testing.
113	Across the EU, 30 per cent of the waste was recycled, 27 per cent incinerated and 25 per cent dumped in landfills in 2016.
114	A crucial period.
115	Acting head of the Land Crossings Authority Erez Sidon extolled the actions of the crossing's inspection team, and their work in conjunction with police sappers.
116	Acting on a citizen’s tip, troopers were able to locate the vehicle and identify Burkett.
117	Acting Secretary Baby Tyawa reports frankly that Parliament faced considerable financial constraints due to austerity measures, which did impact on the implementation of Parliament’s strategic plan.
118	Activists took to the streets in 60 countries and on seven continents to promote equal rights for women and defend marginalised women after the US president’s inauguration a year ago.
119	Actor George Clooney and his wife Amal Clooney attend the ‘Money Monster’ premiere during the 69th annual Cannes Film Festival on May 12, 2016 in Cannes, France.
120	Actor/writer/director Chris Rock (L) and co-writer Louis CK arrive at the premiere of Fox Searchlight Picture’s “I Think I Love My Wife” at the ArcLight Cinemas on March 7, 2007 in Los Angeles, California.
121	Actually I wanted to pee, I never saw the inside of our solitary bathroom in two years.
122	“Actually only 3 of the scores count so you’re going to eliminate the top two and the top two bottom scores to create some fairness for the judging.”
123	Actually, spend some of it on that; spend the rest on getting people to use them.
124	A Cummings Street, Georgetown woman is now counting her losses after she was attacked by a knife-wielding bandit and robbed of her valuables a stone’s throw away from her home.
125	Acute health effects of cannabis use include increased anxiety, panic reactions and psychotic symptoms, as well as increased risk of mortality.
126	A dairy’s five-figure investment in a new glass bottling plant is paying dividends for its customers and the environment.
127	Adams comes about 30 minutes early in case someone wants to talk about something or would like to pray for a special intention.
128	Adams that Donda was fine when she left his care and that the registered nurse who subsequently cared for Donda was negligent in his duties.
129	Adams will have its public forum next Thursday, June 14, at Town Hall.
130	A day before Prime Minister ’s proposed visit to his home constituency with French President Emmanuel Macron, the Uttar Pradesh education department directed all schools in Varanasi to ensure that students were present on Monday to greet the two leaders.
131	Added one of the controllers later: “There was a frightening feeling.
132	Adding another twist to Spain’s territorial conflict over Catalonia, another Catalan politician, Marta Rovira, failed to appear in court on Friday and instead fled to Switzerland.
133	ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) — Ethiopia has dropped terrorism and other charges against a Swedish doctor who had been accused of corruption.
134	Additionally, the 12-month average unemployment rate for Minnesota’s black population fell to 7.5 percent, its lowest rate on record since DEED began tracking that data in late 2001.
135	Additionally, the series scored two nominations for best directing: Alan Taylor for “Beyond the Wall,” the battle-centric penultimate episode of the season; and Jeremy Podeswa for “The Dragon and the Wolf,” the game-changing season finale.
136	Additionally, those who visit Red Bull Arena will be able to learn about sustainable waste management through several displays and activities at the arena.
137	Addition Elle is the place to shop for a comfy, chic look.
138	Add onions and once they turn pink, add ginger garlic and stir continuously.
139	Add peas, stock, the 2 cups water, and the dried chili.
140	Addressing NDC Constituency Youth Organizers in the Ashanti Region in Kumasi on Sunday evening, he accused the NPP of trying to use the Ghana Card project to win the 2020 polls after failing to deliver in political office.
141	A deadline to submit bids to the County for proposals to complete restoration work at the pool were due on November 5, a previous media release stated.
142	A decade later, as Nigel Farage was close to hitting his political peak, Desmond changed again.
143	A decade later, we’re still close.”
144	A DEFRA spokesman refused to comment on individuals but said it expected to announce the appointment of new non-executives "shortly".
145	Aden was not a colony, it is an ancient and prosperous trade city.
146	A deputy responded to a dispute involving three individuals in the Hawk Creek area northwest of Davenport.
147	“Adidas is giving away 3000 Free Pair of shoes to celebrate its 93rd anniversary.
148	"Admissions were given on the basis of internal and external candidates.
149	Admission to the event, which will also have snacks, is free.
150	Admission to the site, should you choose to go on your own, is 150 yuan, or 120 during the winter off-season.
151	Admittedly, we love watching them because the videos usually contain super sweet moments between Shelton and Stefani’s sons, whether they’re at family parties in Los Angeles or hanging out on Shelton’s ranch.
152	A doctor can also provide medications and oxygen to help relieve symptoms of breathlessness.
153	Adorable: the wave delighted royal watchers on social media (
154	A double blast from Jeremain Lens and a goal by Vagner Love helped Besiktas rally from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at Sarpsborg and climb to second on seven points, one behind Genk.
155	Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (NYSE:WMS) announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, August 9th, reports.
156	Advertising is a big part.
157	Aecon Appoints Global Construction Leader Jean-Louis Servranckx as President.
158	A failure to respect the first referendum result “would decimate the trust of millions of people in our politics for a generation”.
159	A Fair Labor Association (FLA) study of data from thousands of workers, collected over three years, found their average wages were 7,797 taka per month.
160	A fan video shows his car flipping over a tent in the area, which was met by a chorus of gasps from fans across the road.
161	A federal government spokesman said it is considering the future of employment services after 2020 when the Jobactive program ends.
162	A federal judge has given the creator of the highly publicized, failed Fyre festival in the a six-year prison term.
163	A federal judge last year ordered the state to dramatically reduce its use of solitary confinement, shackles and pepper spray on inmates at the juvenile complex about 20 miles (32 kilometres) north of Wausau.
164	A few days later, he told members of his Justice and Development Party that the West could not stomach Turkey’s progress under his rule.
165	A few months later a hairdresser pointed out that I had ‘about three hairs on my head’.
166	A few years ago, they attended a Levántate (Arise) small group.
167	A fifth person was detained by police for questioning on Thursday, in addition to the suspect’s parents and two brothers who have been in custody since Wednesday.
168	A fire extinguisher was taken from the bus, along with three high-visibility jackets.
169	A flap appears adjacent to the logo on each side, with the one on the right leg concealing a hidden “CHA.”
170	A Florida fundraiser celebrating President Donald Trump's first year in office will go on with or without him.
171	A forecaster at Brisbane Airport said the lowest visibility range was 20 metres.
172	A former senior member of GSA staff said: “The information we now have from these minutes is at odds with the description of the ‘amicable’ relationship between Kier and GSA that the MD of Kier presented to the Parliamentary committee this week.
173	African-Americans make up about 10 percent of Montgomery County's population, according to 2016 U.S. Census data.
174	African atheists experience hatred and intolerance; they live in constant fear of being mistreated, attacked or killed for their unbelief.
175	Afro-jazz musician, Diana Samkange — now known as MaNgwenya said one of her resolutions was to merge her music brand with her farming business.
176	After 13 years of fighting an unjust immigration system & trying to do things the RIGHT way, my mom was arrested and treated like a criminal today.
177	After 18 months in office, Trump has not even tried to come up with “something much better.”
178	After a few brews, you’ll be more likely to dance and sing to the live music that will play throughout the day, including the ’90s cover band, Make More Animals, Bobby McKey’s dueling pianos and multiple DJ sets.
179	After a few general club announcements were read out by the chairman of the club Don Britten, Hugh Bladen was introduced and given the floor.
180	After all, it's much easier to satisfy the pangs with a frozen steak-and-cheese burrito or a bag of chips.
181	After all, justice had to be done to those who are in a same-sex relationship.
182	After all, Nelle has been called out on her schemes before.
183	After a long and hard-fought game, the Philadelphia Eagles were finally able to capture their first Super Bowl title.
184	After an injury forced him to miss the early season, Wolf has led the Broncos to two straight victories.
185	After a quick stop the Eagles had possession once again, resulting in a 31-yard field goal to put the score at 24-6.
186	After a scoreless first quarter, the scoring started with a field goal from Cougars’ Jaren Vanwinkle to take a 3-0 lead with about nine minutes left in the second quarter.
187	After a series on the road, the University of Utah softball team returned home to Salt Lake City to host No. 9 Arizona State University in three games.
188	“After a subdued first-half performance we do not expect much relief in quarter three, given unseasonably warm temperatures,” an analyst at Jefferies said.
189	After a tense prologue in which they investigate a cursed doll, they get a visit from a woman named Carolyn Perron (Lili Taylor).
190	After a tough loss two days earlier to Montana State University, 61-60, the Bengals came out ready to get one last win at home before heading to Reno for the Big Sky tournament.
191	After attending meetings so regularly, the note-takers have developed specialties.
192	After ceasing major operations as a result, ZTE paid another US$1 billion as part of a deal to get the ban lifted.
193	After defeating the Russians in the quarters, though, Sweden got the best of them in the semis.
194	After dropping Petey, Gursinder gave Raju a front suplex onto the body of Williams.
195	After Erik Gustafsson’s shot was denied by the Blues, Toews picked up the rebound near the front of the net and pushed home his second goal of the season, edging the Blackhawks closer as the period came to a close.
196	After evaluating the relationships that we've been able to build with our caregivers over the last 18 years.
197	After evicting the 33,000 residents over the next five years, demolition began in 1993.
198	After exiting the plane first to talk to security the security guard asked me if I’d like an apology from the offender I immediately rejected the request.’
199	After falling into the consolation bracket, they fought hard and ended the weekend with a win in the consolation final.
200	After hearing these comments during an episode of "Hardball with Chris Matthews," Steele was indignant.
201	After her body caught fire, Ottawa woman calls for more safety regulations - 570 NEWSRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
202	After he shot a dazzling 65 in the third round of the Masters on Saturday, moving him within reach of the leader, Patrick Reed, Fowler spoke in a low, restrained monotone.
203	After Hosk posted the picture, a heated debate about her body began in the Instagram comments, with many trolls accusing her of looking “sick” and “too skinny.”
204	After Jericho fell, Rahab left the cursed city, renounced her harlotry and joined up with Israel (Josh. 6:25).
205	After Johnson's prediction, but before the sale was announced, the stock rarely topped $15.
206	After Jonathan Schoop popped out, Thames hit a 1-1 pitch deep into the right-field bleachers to end it.
207	After last season’s failed PRO Rugby competition, MLR feels like a far more realistic shot at getting a sustainable professional rugby league up and running in the States – with the CBS sports network set to screen 13 games live on TV.
208	After November 2016, I have no hopes and dreams.
209	After one week, those in the chronotherapy group improved significantly more than the group receiving standard treatment, although in subsequent weeks the control group caught up.
210	After plunging over 4 percent last week, the DAX has reversed directions and posted modest gains so far this week.
211	After recording a minor corrective rally on September 18, the crypto market has shown decent gains throughout the past 48 hours.
212	After Saudi Arabia, Egypt, United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Bahrain severed their diplomatic ties with Qatar due to political reasons, a golden opportunity was created for the Islamic Republic of Iran in order to expand its business ties with Qatar.
213	After seeing that ridiculous call giving the 49ers a new set of downs (what was it 3 and 15?) I am making prediction.
214	After several seasons of being measured unfavorably against Fleury and other goaltending greats despite his 2016 Vezina Trophy, the Saskatchewan native also has his long-sought ring.
215	After stealing an errant pass from Denver Nuggets guard Jamal Murray, Mitchell took off, threw an alley-oop off the backboard to himself and finished with a huge one-handed dunk.
216	After the bear took a claw to Cash’s hand that was protecting the rest of his head, the bear moved on.
217	After the match Guardiola embraced Pogba in the centre circle before the France international ran to the away fans and clearly told them to ignore the speculation surrounding his future.
218	After the news of the announcement broke, Senators Cory Gardner and Michael Bennet both launched criticisms of the decision via twitter.
219	After the orchard froze out in 1968, Bill worked for Bert Stennes at his apple warehouse on Squaw Creek in the winters.
220	After the public outcry, the operator of a heavy duty vehicle working in the area was detained on June 16.
221	After the stressful win, Leitao thinks that the DePaul athletic department should treat him like they did the students.
222	After they are duped, victims may struggle with what to do next.
223	After three rounds of bidding behind closed doors, Comcast offered the higher price of 17.28 pounds ($22.
224	After three years, I think these boys will be ready to compete at any level,” Ndlovu said.
225	After Tuesday’s matchup, the Vols prepare for a 6 p.m. tip at Georgia on Feb. 17, the first of two meetings in the final five games of the regular season.
226	After which he was deported to Uzbekistan.
227	After years of staff shake ups and turmoil, Utah State University has announced drastic changes to its student affairs office – housed in the Taggart Student Center and led by Vice President James Morales.
228	After you decompress there, you can hit up its recently opened restaurant, Aux Amis Beach, and its charmingly named rooftop bar, Whiskey, Tango, Foxtrot.
229	After you have read Moira Donegan's account in New York Magazine, what is a lesson/are lessons for journalists — good, bad or indifferent — when it comes to the issues raised by her actions?
230	A full day's parking at Charlotte Street car park will rise from £8.50 to £15 and fees will rise for short stays as well - even after a 10 per cent residents' discount is applied.
231	A fund set up to help 32-year-old Harley Curran has now passed £6,000 with more than 320 people donating at the time of publication.
232	A further 20 percent claimed that they were at least considering using them (even if they had no solid plans in place).
233	Again, all this is by design, to ensure maximum compatibility and to allow CPython to serve as a reference implementation, but it means any performance optimizations are up to the developer.
234	Again I don’t agree with the President Corruption is worst than cholera.
235	Again, it’s a kind of non-traditional approach, but it’s part of the equation.
236	Again some people think their spouse should be the one causing problems.
237	Against SJ-E, DW fell behind early, as SJ-E went into halftime with a 31-18 lead.
238	Agenda: On a motion by Niebergall, seconded by Lorenzen, the board approved the agenda as presented.
239	A German Army dog from World War I wears a hat and glasses while carrying binoculars.
240	A gloomy November 2016 article warned that “China’s debt addiction could lead to a financial crisis.”
241	A government that regularly organises Operation Python Dance, Operation Crocodile Smile among others is now watching its citizens being massacred in their homes.
242	A great day for our friendship," responded.
243	•Agreed to pay to inspect a pump and motor at the wastewater plant that is pumping at 64 percent capacity.
244	Agricultural landowners would get a credit totaling 2 percent of their property tax bill this year, with no cap.
245	A group of women, reportedly from the women’s family tries to convince him to co-operate as he begs to be released and crying for help during the rituals.
246	A gubernatorial aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), and one-time National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Venatius Ikem on Sunday in Obudu defected back to the PDP.
247	A Guyanese sailor was crushed to death on Easter Sunday while loading a vessel at the Trinidad Cement Ltd (TCL) port in Claxton Bay.
248	A: HAA are disinfection byproducts that are formed when disinfectants used in our water treatment system, such as chlorine, react with naturally-occurring organic and inorganic matter present in water.
249	A Halma area teenager was injured this morning in a 2 vehicle accident north of Thief River Falls in Marshall County.
250	A hearing to decide whether Clahchischilliage can remain on the ballot is scheduled for Friday morning.
251	A hi-hat hisses for the drums to settle into the kind of rhythm Al Green might like.
252	Aides Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks listened to Wolff’s pitch in a West Wing meeting the next day, but were noncommittal.
253	AI Express also announced waiver of all penalties for modifications/cancellations/no-show/sector change, along with full refund for cancellations.
254	Aimia, meanwhile, comes away with more than $1 billion in cash, according to Mittleman Brothers, the company’s largest stakeholder at 17.6 per cent.
255	Aimia shares jumped 4.6 percent to C$3.62 at 11:20 a.m. in Toronto, taking their gain since Air Canada unveiled its initial offer to about 45 percent.
256	Aishwarya believes that women need to stop judging each other on the basis of how much makeup they put on.
257	A jupiter's beard plant, though not native, adds vibrant color to Monica Tudor's garden.
258	A jury found Maraj, 39, guilty of charges predatory sexual assault and acting in a manner injurious to a child for repeatedly raping the girl in their Baldwin home while he was married to her mom — beginning when she was just 11 years old.
259	A Kermit Lynch import, this is also a great value at $38.
260	A kind of sibling rivalry, in fact, or a rich relative who tries to rub it in.
261	Ak-shun I got so much to give.
262	Alabama’s sales tax holiday ends at midnight Sunday.
263	A large bell clapper — which had occasionally gotten misplaced through the years — was found in the pre-move cleaning.
264	A large observable area is required for installation of the non-contact type sensors.
265	Alarmed, the Congress distanced itself from Tharoor.
266	Alas, all good things must pass. Your timeless grace will never weary my hungry ears, only emphasised by how often you are spun on my vinyl player and on our beloved WSFM.
267	Alaska- $3.39/g, up 4.3 cents per gallon from last week’s $3.35/g.
268	Alberta's economic development minister is shrugging off a legal challenge filed by British Columbia over Alberta's ban on B.C. wine.
269	A lengthy discussion also ensued by the board about the pay to play fees and the possibility of eliminating them and replacing that loss of revenue with another mechanism like higher gate fees for games.
270	A less enthusiastic notice came from Variety's critic, who praised the show's ambition while admitting that it "won’t work for everyone".
271	Alexander-Arnold was constantly targeted by City in the first leg up against the pace and trickery of 37 million German international Leroy Sane.
272	Alexander countered with the Neuralizer and then finally made the tag to Goldust.
273	Alex Hurley finishes training at the Adelaide Aquatic Centre ahead of the Special Olympics.
274	Alexis Velasco, biology major student at SF State, sits in the M Muni train line off19th Ave and Holloway on Tuesday, Feb. 6, 2018.
275	Alex Mahon, the company’s female chief executive, who joined the company late last year, said: “This number obviously makes for uncomfortable reading and I am determined to take action to address it.
276	Alfredo Morelos’ red card against Aberdeen in the 1-1 draw at Pittodrie has been rescinded.
277	Al-Ghoul, who was recruited and trained by the Hamas operational network in Samaria, was transferred to Bethlehem.
278	A little group is in a big fight to reduce suffering among creatures of the urban wild.
279	A little more bulk won’t matter much, and a PDF might safe your life if the ice gives way.
280	“All big companies need people who are thinking about being green.”
281	All Brightree customers can download and use the BrightreeCARE app today.
282	All Catholic elementary schools in the archdiocese are adopting new religion curriculum based on St. John Paul II’s Theology of the Body.
283	Allen concluded: 'We estimate that shark populations around the world have dropped by over 90 per cent in the past few decades.
284	ALLENDALE, Mich.— 150 high school students from schools across Michigan are kicking off a series of week-long camps at Grand Valley State University that will help prepare them for life and education after high school.
285	Allen Harim officials have denied the claims.
286	All eyes will be on whether Mr Bramson turns up to Barclays’ AGM in London next Tuesday, and on whether he vocally pushes for change.
287	All four died at the scene.
288	All he would tell OBSERVER media is that “something happened” and it is being addressed.
289	All his sit-down interviews play out like failed interventions where the press confronts him over the mess he's made while high on Russian-laced presidency and he just responds, "Well, screw you, too!"
290	All I can say is, wow pic.
291	All in all, mornings will always come and we will always have to face them.
292	All in all, Splendour in the Grass never disappoints.
293	“All indicators are this is going to be a very active year,” Amerson said.
294	All information is public information issued by School District in the annual Statement of Financial Information (SOFI) as required by law.
295	All of Missouri’s top Republican and Democratic legislative leaders already had called on Greitens to resign, which he has declined to do.
296	All of that has contributed now to the multiplication of news and the multiplication of news media so that you can get news on a radio, on a television on your computer, as many people who listen to this program do so by virtue of the app.
297	All of the influences that you'd expect are present and correct — Babes in Toyland, Hole, L7, Sleater-Kinney, Veruca Salt, Nirvana, Sonic Youth, The Breeders — with a bit of Fiona Apple and Liz Phair thrown in for good measure.
298	All of the locations are within about 20 minutes of each other.
299	All of them have marvelous concierges and staff that will go out of their way to make sure each guest loves their stay.
300	All of them, the hunters on all the roads, the pursuers on all the highways, the guards on all the borders.
301	All of these limits apply to savers who are 49 or younger.
302	All of these things are things we first must digitize, then study, then build into the product itself."
303	All of this adds to the global body of knowledge regarding the ocean and can be used to help us make better informed decisions on the use and conservation of our ocean spaces.
304	All of this is going to be hard work.”
305	All of this tech "has the potential to invade one's privacy," she argues.
306	All other river bus routes run a usual service except Christmas Day.
307	Allowing the relief, it also asked the National Testing Agency which conducts the exams to keep its portal “open for one week to enable such petitioners/candidates to apply for the NEET-UGS 2019 examination”.
308	… allowing the retreating Garry Ringrose to gleefully fall onto it and reclaim possession for Ireland.
309	Allowing up to 7kg of laundry for a wash and 4kg for a combined sequence, it’s robust enough to take on bulkier items such as duvets and blankets.
310	All Part of Our Legacy Week Commemoration.
311	“All passenger service (commercial) vehicles must carry two (2) valid certificate of road-worthiness from FCT Computerised Roadworthy Test Centre issued in the last 9 months,’’.
312	All progress will also carry over should you decide to purchase the full game.
313	Allred also represents the other five cheerleaders named in the lawsuit.
314	All related construction activities within the project’s right of way (a 125-foot wide construction corridor) will resume only after MVP receives approval by DEQ.
315	All seven Dolphins runners finished in the top eight, including the scoring five finishing in the top six at a 40-second gap.
316	All software packages employ a powerful, yet very simple, consumer-led user interface.
317	All suspects were led before the prosecutor.
318	All that hockey experience, and still Ted has never felt hockey anxiety quite like watching his own child, now playing in the AHL for the Hershey Bears, skate on the Olympic stage.
319	All the cars were cars that were interesting and cars I actually wanted, with a lot of neo-classics present.
320	All their surround speakers are wired into the walls and those cables terminate in this cabinet.
321	All the while, Salesforce has grown to a $40 billion company, while its annual Dreamforce conference has ballooned to take over much of San Francisco every autumn.
322	All the while, Wilkie was quietly working at the VA, signing a major $10 billion deal to overhaul veterans' electronic medical records.
323	All this comes as Cohen, a man who once said he would take a bullet for the president, has signaled an increasing willingness to cooperate with the special counsel.
324	“All this reflection made me want to write a new book, a mixture of memoir and a cookbook.
325	All you do is sabotage the party.
326	All you need to know about this guy is he still believes Trayvon Martin was completely innocent.
327	Almost 10 percent of the cards came via Concord High.
328	Almost 2,000 U.S. troops are currently operating in Syria, though the Syrian government has not authorised their presence in the country.
329	Almost all of them indicate that their faith is a very important part of themselves.
330	Almost apologizing, I told him that I was a stay-at-home mom with three children under the age of three.
331	Almost half of the current congress members have been in some way involved in these schemes, according to police investigations.
332	Almost half the city—40,000 people—had to evacuate.
333	Almost two weeks ago, the Twitter account shared a picture of the wedding coin which had the names Michael and Mary and the date of 8 June 1991 inscribed on it.
334	Almost weekly, she said, the two will go to Starbucks and then drive around listening and screaming to Rihanna’s “Higher.”
335	A local BJP leader from Boxanagar said people are “very angry” with the state government for this crackdown on cannabis.
336	Alongside this, two out of the four permanent galleries will be dedicated to exploring Scotland’s history of art and design.
337	Along with expanding the day program, Benson continued to provide dance classes for children and adults through her personal business, Best Foot Forward, which was established in the 1970s and now is located at Cobblestone Court.
338	Along with NKU staff, Activities Programming Board (APB) has organized a traditional homecoming week (Feb. 3-Feb.
339	A lot of directors don’t get that chance, or there’s something in the movie that is way bigger than themselves.
340	A lot of our guys are trying to do that.
341	“A lot of people don’t understand what he does for this team with his leadership on and off the field.
342	“A lot of this is about extending our global reach, getting into more locations, particularly where we have huge database infrastructure,” co-CEO Hurd said at a Goldman Sachs-hosted conference last month.
343	!' a lot with your family.
344	Alpena was named after the hometown of the railroad superintendent.
345	Already, higher crude oil prices and concerns over global trade have driven a dramatic shift wider in the trade deficit.
346	Also, a 19th century French provincial carved walnut and cherry Louis XV-style vaisselier, having the superstructure centered with a clock, 105 inches overall, should hit $1,200-$1,800.
347	Also, and this is the most absurd of all, Lara can sidle up against vine-covered walls to “blend in” (poorly) with the greenery.
348	Also beginning in 2019, the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series will be rebranded the NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series.
349	Also, Bishop and Torres interview convicted investment advisor Albert Hathaway when the victim is linked to his highly publicized trial.”
350	Also, CEO Mohamad Ali sold 13,888 shares of Carbonite stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 14th.
351	Also, EVP Harri U. Kulovaara sold 6,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, September 13th.
352	Also, I feel like it’s a fact.
353	Also I find that the really rural Waffle Houses are treated like Churches.
354	Also in attendance were Stefflon Don, Novelist, Simon Neil and Kinks star Ray Davies who picked up the Q Classic Album award for the band's sixth studio album, The Kinks Are The Village Green Preservation Society.
355	Also in attendance were the Chairman of the State Peace and Conflict Resolution Committee, Engr.
356	Also joining the Elks were Shirley Benesch, Jerry Henry, Donna McConnell, and Shawn Stewart of Lake Forest.
357	Also, Mr Titus Oluroguntayo, an official of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT), said that teachers deserved better treatment and should be accorded the required respect.
358	Also now standard are active safety technologies: lane keep assist, driver attention monitoring, precollision braking and parking sensors.
359	Also performing onstage are the Blue Genes family band, Coleg Cambria performing arts students, John Durham & Mia Lynch, Llangollen Young Un’s and even Heart radio’s Oli Kemp.
360	Also, some of the claims have several parts.
361	Also that same month, the council for the Riverside County city of Beaumont approved a resolution that declares Senate Bill 54 incompatible with federal law and, therefore, illegitimate.
362	Also the Ambassador of Thailand said: “Nigeria’s position as a regional power puts it in the spotlight for the recovery and stability of Africa.
363	Also, the cats.
364	“Also the centre is trying to reactivate competition in computer science, which has been put off due to lack of facilities at the centre”
365	Also, the social programmes went the farthest.
366	Also, the students, who excelled in various subjects, and the teachers, who were responsible for their excellence, and headmasters of all high schools were felicitated.
367	Also, the Yanks did trade for Stanton in part because they thought adding the big player with the huge contract last offseason would keep them from feeling the pressure to pursue Harper and Machado this coming winter.
368	Also, this explains Loki's last line to his brother, Thor, about the sun shining on them again one day.
369	Also unveiled is a potential logo for CityWalk BHAM, inspired by the shape of the proposed park space.
370	Also, what’s the deal with the vanishing REPLY button, now you see it, now you don’t?
371	Also, with Barcelona being such an international and touristic city, most locals in the city know English to some extent, which makes everything a bit easier.
372	Although Bosnia and Serbia are building coal power plants as well, Kosovo sits on top of the world’s lignite deposit and wants to use it.
373	Although companies like Coinbase have started to provide guidance on how much customers might owe in taxes, it is prudent to still hire an accountant and/or a tax attorney.
374	Although he has his fans - and some nifty powers - the poor guy has long been the butt of jokes about his alleged dullness and general uselessness (largely stemming, it seems, from the old cartoons).
375	Although it is hard to believe, all of Beet Box’s baked cake-style doughnuts (as well as its other delectable goodies) are completely vegan, and many are even gluten-free.
376	Although not passing blame onto any of his subordinates, General McDowell requested an official U.S. Army Court of Inquiry regarding his actions and leadership; he was exonerated.
377	Although she is Bahraini but it counts as she is driving in Saudi land,” comedian Yaser Bakr said on Twitter after the ban was lifted.
378	Although technically a utility vehicle, the X2 looks like a cross between a wagon and a small crossover, and it's meant to compete against the smallest, sportiest crossover SUVs from Mercedes, Porsche and Audi.
379	Although the current points-to-cash tradeoff only works for Rouge members of the Beauty Insider program (the people who spend at least $1,000 a year at Sephora), only time will tell if Sephora makes the decision to expand that perk to all members.
380	“Although the issue of HIV is not close to home, I am touched by the predicament of these poor children, and as a mother, I feel I should in any way possible lend a helping hand to these children who have lost their parents.”
381	Although the maximum value can be higher or lower with different platforms, most times, the limit is placed on high bonuses like the 100% match bonus.
382	Although there is talent in Denver and Arizona, both teams have young unproven coaches.
383	“Although the roller coaster accident played a part in prompting the investigation,” Forsyth explains, “the committee members were more disturbed by Wheat Ridge’s failure to renew the fire protection contract.
384	Although the starting price of the CX-5 isn’t as low as some of its competitors, this needs to be weighed against its more powerful engines, higher specifications and larger interior.
385	Although this understanding of plant reproduction is not un-true, it misses the point that in order for these plants to fertilize they also rely on other species, such as bees and wasps,” she argued.
386	“Although we still have so much to do to achieve our desired individual and national objectives, let us rise up with courage and determination to make the situation better”, he stated.
387	“Although we were able to resource all of the most serious incidents, unfortunately, some patients with less serious conditions did wait much longer than we would have wanted.
388	Although Windows Template Studio simplifies the building of UWP applications, it’s not a replacement for the now-discontinued Visual Studio LightSwitch LOB application builder.
389	Always pray for peace and unity for the betterment of us and future generation,” she said.
390	A majority of school committee members voted Dec. 6 against beginning negotiations with Aubin over a new contract.
391	A major problem in Uttar Pradesh has been the inability of understaffed government hospitals to handle a multitude of patients.
392	A major sewer reconstruction project has been underway here at Devon and Central avenues on Chicago’s North Side since January.
393	A man allegedly told police he broke into Pizza Hut because he is ‘Jesus Christ’ and he was ‘starving to death’.
394	A man also lost consciousness during the Mission: Space attraction at That ride provides significant g-forces and actually has a second version of the attraction for guests who want to experience a lower stress version of the ride.
395	Amanda and Zach used their power vote in a safe way and it feels like the teams who had their minds made up going into the secret vote didn’t actually stick with any of their plans, so there’s that.
396	A man has been arrested on impaired driving charges and portions of the Queen Elizabeth Way are closed in both directions following a high-speed, multi-vehicle crash in Mississauga.
397	A man with a knife robbed an Atascadero Chevron station of alcohol Thursday evening, then successfully evaded officers from multiple law enforcement agencies who were trying to catch him.
398	Amazon was up 29%.
399	Ambassador of Peace awards were presented to Jerry Basinger, Thomas Fuerst, Carl Maag, Kenneth Mullett, Walter Trenkamp, Alvin Unverferth and Dave Yoder.
400	A melancholy disco hit for our age.
401	A memorial is tentatively scheduled for next week.
402	A mere 250m from André, the Advertiser found Nico Pretorius, a 27-year-old man who squats on the corner of North Rand and Jeremy Kark roads.
403	American John Isner is up against Canada’s Milos Raonic in another clash of big servers, while eighth seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova takes on Australia’s Ashleigh Barty.
404	American officials said Daqduq admitted he worked with Quds leaders to plan and train for the Karbala attack, and that spy satellites spotted a training center near Qom, Iran, which contained a mockup of the U.S. base.
405	American teams want so badly to belong that they pathologically put words like “Football Club,” “United,” “Inter,” and, unforgivably, “Real Salt Lake” in their names, apparently because they believe that’s what respectable soccer countries do.
406	Americas United Bank had total assets of approximately $231 million as of June 30, 2018.
407	“America was only in the war for a year and those were the people killed in action.
408	AMES, Iowa – The recent spread of African Swine Fever in China has elevated the importance of biosecurity measures in reducing the risk of a domestic or foreign animal disease entering farms.
409	A message from Wendy.
410	A MetroHealth Medical Center spokeswoman said concerns are being addressed and the hospital is implementing new remote psychiatric services.
411	A Michael Schlechty hoop got the Patriots back within seven, but the home team on the scoreboard at North Arena went almost the next three minutes without putting the ball through the basket.
412	Amid concerns the price rally has gone too far, Saudi Arabia and Russia are discussing raising Opec and non-Opec oil output by around 1 million bpd, sources earlier told Reuters.
413	A military source speaking on condition of anonymity told AFP on May 15, 2013 that fighter jets would also be deployed to the region, raising the possibility that Nigeria could carry out air strikes within its own territory.
414	A Mississippi bail bondsman named Benjamin Bennight says he alerted the FBI last September after someone using the screen name "Nikolas Cruz" posted a comment on his YouTube channel saying: "Im going to be a professional school shooter."
415	A mix of familiar big-cap names that provide steady cash flows, along with tiny companies working on groundbreaking medicines that will deliver overnight price gains.
416	A model poses in a Batsheva dress at New York fashion week on 12 September.
417	Among first-year doctoral students studying economics, the share was 32 percent in 2017 — barely changed from 33 percent in 2000, according to the report.
418	Among his previous ministries were principal of both Father Judge and Northeast Catholic high schools in Philadelphia.
419	Among them is the old Second Street rehabilitation project that is close to completion.
420	Among the names rested for Cal were senior captains Amy Bilquist and Katie McLaughlin, who finished fourth and fifth in last year’s meet.
421	Among the other options are to use public charge points near where you live - or at a supermarket, for example.
422	Among the top performers this year is 12 year-old Curmel Moton, a native of Salt Lake City, Utah, who has lived in Las Vegas for five years.
423	Among this year’s votes, we had both close contests and routs.
424	Among those initiatives are three blood drives held each year and frequent blood pressure screenings after Mass. And she coordinates opportunities for parishioners to receive flu vaccines.
425	Among those watching: U.S. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, both veterans of Goldman Sachs.
426	Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views (22% of the public), an overwhelming share (82%) says their family is comfortable talking about politics.
427	A monkey flip attempt by Cesaro sees Kofi land on his feet and hit a dropkick, but Cesaro finally manages to regain some measure of control, tagging in Sheamus.
428	A month after we had lost our home, I did trauma therapy, to help me get back to the left side, which gives you context and narrative.
429	A more CW-friendly option is Nikki Haley, the former governor of South Carolina, former UN ambassador, and former possessor of dignity.
430	A motorist was shot and killed by Delano police after officers said he accelerated toward them has been identified.
431	“A museum is… a very special place, borderless,” said Yuriko Narusawa, a PR official for Paul Bocuse’s Japanese operations.
432	An academy of performing arts sounds straight forward, but at Relevé there is more to learn than just ballet.
433	"An adult who lives alone receives $648 and half of that covers the minimum necessary to cover basic essentials,'' Petitclerc noted.
434	An aerial photograph of the airport from five years ago shows massive physical changes.
435	An all-day menu is available from 11 AM to midnight, Sunday through Thursday and from 11 AM to 1 AM Friday and Saturday.
436	ANALYSIS: How will the looming war between Israel and Iran play out?
437	Analysts say the escalation has the potential to destabilize an already fragile security situation in Gaza, the Palestinian enclave that Hamas has controlled for the past decade.
438	Analytical accuracy and precision are monitored by the analysis of lab reagent blanks, reference material and replicate samples.
439	An amazing hit and a completely new niche created Kylie.
440	An amphitheatre has been installed, along with an open class room with glass windows that open from within the frame in order to let fresh air flow.
441	An announcement was made that before we could enter, we would have to be counted.
442	An arrest narrative obtained by The SUN outlines the alleged events that led up to the shooting.
443	A national movement was able to mobilize in massive numbers in the span of 10 days,” he said.
444	An audience member who was also an EMT assisted as well.
445	An autopsy will be performed, according to the press release.
446	ANC Head of Communications in the Presidency, Zizi Kodwa says: â€œThere are on-going discussions between the ANC and the AIC which I am part of at national level.
447	And after being released on a $300,000 bond in March 2017, he even began selling drugs again through his website — until the feds threw him back in prison.
448	And after DeVito took a sack on third down, leading by just six, Dungey was put back in the next series, and DeVito’s day was done.
449	And, after each of the Pythons swore on a Bible that they didn’t cut down the Panthers’ flag, any conflict “fizzled”.
450	And almost every morning, they sold out.
451	And an NPWS spokesperson says the entire structure is set to be replaced ‘soon’.
452	And Anthony, who had spent so much of his life exploring intersections of identity, was immediately convinced.
453	“And as a result, working families are forced to pay a higher portion of their income in state and local taxes than billionaires and corporate CEOs.
454	And as I mentioned, the CapEx year-to-date, we have $133.9 million of CapEx and that's an increase of 23.3% compared to 2017.
455	And as reported last June, the N.C. Industrial Hemp Commission’s concern about potential DEA enforcement efforts prevented local farmers from getting their seeds in the ground until June, well past the ideal planting time.
456	And at 5.30am, Ms Clarke tweeted a picture of her car, saying: 'Never been so happy to see our car.
457	And, believe it or not, in the 30+ categories of stellar eastern wines, almost two-thirds are from VA and MD.
458	And by late afternoon, the sky above us had a diffused cloud-like, misty cover.
459	And by that standard, last weekend offered an uneasy mix of the lively and the moribund.
460	And Colombia’s political left, soundly defeated in the June elections, will protest on Tuesday as Duque is sworn into office in the presence of several regional leaders including Mexico’s Enrique Pena Nieto and Ecuador’s Lenin Moreno.
461	And Copperbelt Police Commissioner Charity Katanga has warned that whoever will be found wearing political regalia when Mr. Hichilema appears for questioning will be arrested.
462	And defender Cesar Azpilicueta admits the side have lost focus.
463	And doing it to intimate any Orthodox Jew who might wish to serve his country in the army.
464	And do you think this differs between hetero and homosexual relationships?
465	And each child is matched with a mentor, and that mentor is with them every step of the way.
466	And eight days later, when you've realized you've done nothing but binge Netflix, you press a button.
467	Anderson, a kindergarten teacher, has been teaching nearly 30 years.
468	Anderson said he feels better than ever, “being able to pick them up and toss them around and all that fun stuff!”
469	And finally, my first ever concert I attended with friends was about five years after that to see James Taylor with opening act Carole King, then an unknown.”
470	And finally, the wilderness characteristics could be set to take precedence over all other uses.
471	And for those heading to ski, resorts say it’s also well worth the wait!
472	And for three weeks, I was able to be a teacher’s assistant for a logic and philosophy course, so basically what that means is that I was able to teach a lot of the evening sessions for the students.
473	And guess who should come across their cozy moment?
474	And had later been killed by the Aztec Kings in retaliation.
475	And he also signed, ‘cry,’ which, of course, is what we’re doing.”
476	"And he'd say proudly, 'That's my boy.'
477	And he's amazed when he sees it -- because it's nothing more than the basic quick-and-dirty code fish wrote in the first few days.
478	And his energy is infectious,” says director Sasikumar.
479	And his followers cheered him on.
480	And his message was clear: “As the mayor of Los Alamitos, we are not a sanctuary city.”
481	And his nickname has such a peaceful sound to it that it would set tourists at ease (in the event we finally manage to attract some other than those coming for religious conventions).
482	And how many of these shares were taken up by investors?
483	And if she continues to share photos like the ones below she will land on others radars like she landed on ours in no time flat.
484	And if you become aware of any conflict: well, obviously you then deal with it by stepping aside from any decisions about that."
485	And if you do wait for YouTube, gather as many friends in the room as possible.
486	And if your solicitous efforts to focus on your own health and well-being make you appear a bit self-indulgent or narcissistic, I think it’s an acceptable price to pay.
487	And I looked at the ninth, crying out of happiness, because they’re back.”
488	And I'm also someone who believes in second chances.
489	And income tax expense in the quarter represents 27% of pretax income compared with 29% of pretax income in 2017.
490	And I see the joy on her face.
491	And it continues to engage in “widespread conventional arms deals and cyber operations to steal military secrets,” the panel said.
492	And I think art allows us to still have an intellectual and informative approach, but also you are engaging with what I think it means to be human,” ReACT Gallery intern Collin Powell said.
493	And I think that is also very dangerous in terms of making investment decisions as well.
494	“And I think we accomplished both of those, that’s the primary goal.”
495	“And I thought it would be the coolest thing — to be the girl playing the bassoon in a world where not many girls did.”
496	And it really was a very nice feeling to be sitting in gridlock and knowing that your car isn’t producing pointless exhaust fumes.
497	And it's a market that has a lot of players, Craig.
498	And it’s interesting to watch somebody who has told us basically a horror story of their own life say ‘No deal.’
499	And it's not just coming from the Far East.
500	And it’s unclear why this has anything to do with player protests, Michael Bennett’s legal issues, or anything else.
501	And it’s your association, the NRA, that buys off politicians’ votes.
502	And it was hard, of course, Italy hadn’t missed out on a World Cup for 60 years.
503	And it was only corrected after a large number of Twitter watchers called him out on it.
504	And it would be particularly useful now when our president is not that.”
505	And I wonder, WHO put me into the 'system' for pursuit after the agent recorded a conspicuous but otherwise cleverly designed 'D' on the 'damage slip.
506	And Jeff Morrison, executive director of the Canadian Housing and Renewal Association, said the framework “removes a major stumbling block” to implementing the housing strategy.
507	And just a little while ago, ExxonMobil announced a $50bn investment in the United States.
508	And just look where I went!
509	And just then my flatmate Trish, who had been clubbing, came in from Taboo and lent me a pen.”
510	And knows that because we’ve repeatedly been told that no one in their inner circle leaks lies to blogs.
511	And Laura Farmers’ Helena evolves from a spurned ugly duckling, always in Hermia’s prettier shadow, to a comedic swan.
512	And meanwhile, you are putting more pressure and more sanctions on Hizballah.
513	And merit credit for it.
514	And more specifically, the Obiano administration has supported all the synods hosted by the Anglican Church and assisted in the hosting of all its visiting dignitaries to the state since the administration came into existence.
515	And, most remarkably of all, the vet with the miracle touch is about, like the biggest of music stars, to undertake an arena tour.
516	And nobody heard about it because the press was tightly muzzled at the time so Americans wouldn't panic thinking the Japanese had invaded.
517	And, no matter how many times you explain to a child what is likely to happen, it is impossible to predict exactly what their reactions will be, when it’s actually happening.
518	And now, she holds down a job in career services and business consulting.
519	And often, that punishment involved law enforcement.
520	And, oh, by the way, the GOP currently has the majority in the House and the Senate.
521	And on April 26, Jenner’s Instagram story, captured in this photo, featured a large bag on wheels, which Jenner noted was “Stormi’s new luggage.”
522	And on the bowling greens‚ Colleen Piketh‚ the singles bronze medallist four years ago‚ won her opening match 21-13 against Catherine Beattie, of Northern Ireland‚ the men’s pairs edged Wales 17-15 and the women’s fours beat Zambia 17-10.
523	And professional on both sides.”
524	And Reed gets up and down from the back of 15 - another birdie and that moves him three clear at 10-under par.
525	Andrei Tibu is charged with one count of conspiracy to possess controlled substances with intent to distribute and 30 counts of unlawful distribution of controlled substances.
526	And remember, Walmart is just one of many retailers that offers a ship-to-store option.
527	Andrew Stueve added an extra-point kick to make it 21-7 with 7:30 left in the half.
528	And Roger Stone seems to agree!
529	AndroidPolice’s David Ruddock that the name of Google’s first Chrome OS-powered tablet/convertible is Google Pixel Slate.
530	And some of the Democrats who refused to vote Thursday for federal funding without an immigration deal have decried such hostage-taking in the not-so-distant past.
531	And sure enough, right on cue, as we flip the calendar, a major Coastal storm is about to take shape.
532	And take a look at “,” a self-proclaimed “birding music video” by Swedish filmmaker Rolf Nylinder.
533	And that 100 percent rate wasn’t found only at alternative high schools for kids at risk of dropping out.
534	And that allows them to find dead things in forested areas."
535	And that his username is JamesMcAvoyRealDeal?
536	And that power is magnified if you can get organized.
537	And that’s a real bombshell achievement.
538	And that’s important on a few levels.
539	“And that’s what he did.
540	And that’s what I like doing,” the fuzzy chested TV star continued.
541	And that will show convincingly to your partner, in an infectious manner.
542	And that would be pretty cool on its own, but then you throw Nicolas Cage into the mix, give him a bunch of crazy weapons, and add some awesome action.
543	And the 28-year-old detailed how Klitschko’s attempts to control him affected how he approached his stare-down with Parker at Tuesday’s final press conference.
544	And the companies who manage these platforms have a natural incentive to help us do it.
545	And the developer has begun notifying current tenants in the three office buildings on the property that it's working on the redevelopment.
546	And the fact that one if its partners has done Pruitt a favor could bias the EPA administrator toward the firm, according to John Walke.
547	“And the folks on that tram are on their way to the fine metropolis of Dundee.
548	“And the gentleman said that he had a right to wear that hat.
549	And the moment the shooter paused, police said, Shaw decided to rush him.
550	And then, a little over a year ago, there was 26-year-old Brian Walker who broke into a home in the wee hours of the morning in Visalia, California and climbed into the bath, refusing to get out when police showed up.
551	And then if you look at the 2014 metropolitan strategy, it’s much more pragmatic about the fact that delivery of apartments is largely market-led.”
552	And then I went to the University of Virginia at the end of the ’70s.
553	“And then one time, dumating sakin yung plane tickets papuntang LA (Los Angeles),” he said.
554	And the number increased from 540 to 695 in the Midlands and rose from 307 cases in 2016 compared to 285 the following year in the North West.
555	And then we started to slowly remove those elements, and we were a lot happier with the read-through when it ended up being as it is.
556	And there are many Republicans who share my view.”
557	And there's no "pear" on them besides something that looks like a tiny berry.
558	And there’s not just one issue that could /should be changed (As there always has been) but the players have chosen this one issue.
559	And these power plants are mostly on Puerto Rico’s southern coast, but the main load centers like the capital, San Juan, are in the north.
560	And the statistics on border crossings have been mixed — with some months up from 2017 and others down.
561	And they did it without installing any electric pumps at all.
562	And they were going to check that too, except Pride and LaSalle had run into their Batman and he had beaten the crap out of them.
563	And this is revolutionary.
564	And this is why it is important to leave home and see the world.
565	And Thorburn, a former insurance executive, provided a whopping $2.33 million of his own money for the race.
566	And today, we introduced further updates to the application kit and process to improve the client experience and make sure we can process applications as quickly as possible,’ he said.
567	And we hire players who are able to make the club better, but we don’t do it just for money.
568	And we saw a decent jobs number this last time, and we have seen in the last couple of years wages starting to inch themselves upward.
569	“And we were in a totally different country, which added a whole level of challenges.”
570	And we were rewarded with the most romantic moment in Netflix history (spoiler alert), when Millie Bobby Brown’s character Eleven is reunited with Mike.
571	And what is important is about the steps the government has taken.”
572	And what we do is educate these kids.
573	And when her results came back, it was devastating news.
574	And when there is more money to spend, it stimulates demand for goods and services and as demands for goods increases, we get an influence on production to produce more to meet the demand.
575	And when they came on board and found that a great number of their acquaintance had corruption cases to answer; they became sentimental.
576	And whether there’s going to be one place or not, I don’t know.
577	Andy Dalton and his charges would like their chances at catching Pittsburgh in the second half if their offense is at full strength.
578	And yet North Korea is not an impenetrable bubble, say the watchers, who have spent years refining methods of peering inside.
579	And yet, something remains amiss.
580	And yet, the greatest surprise in reading Augustine isn’t preachiness, not scolding analysis, but fire—his overwhelming passion and his burning emotional, sensual, and intellectual fervor.
581	Andy Murray and the Great Britain team celebrate winning the 2015 Davis Cup, but a revamp of the competition has been voted through to take effect next year.
582	“And you better understand what you’re doing…checks to military widows and widowers will stop, we’re have to close down community health centers, we’ll have to close down opioid treatment centers,” Kennedy said.
583	And Zscaler, a recent IPO, could soon have a potential entry at 44.08 after another few weeks of trade.
584	An Eau Claire woman is accused of knocking out her ex-boyfriend with a 9-pound dumbbell.
585	An educated consumer of anything makes the product better; sex is no different.
586	An estimated 14.9 percent of the population 25 and older would live in poverty, slightly above the rate of the current state.
587	A new Health Records feature will combine hospitals, clinics and the existing Health app making it easier for consumers to see their available medical data.
588	A newly-built floating pier extending to 81 meters in length and planned to replace the sunken Karaköy Pier, has been transported from Istanbul’s industrial Tuzla district to its new place in the Golden Horn.
589	A new report by a human rights group indicates that the SPLA and other armed groups committed mass atrocities against civilians in Southern Liech State between April and July.
590	A new support group will be run out of the Rainbow Resource Centre.
591	An expected tight match proved true as there were 23 ties and seven lead changes.
592	An express pace bowler capable of conjuring menacing bounce and swing, Johnson struggled for consistency through much of his career but was a human wrecking ball in the 2013/14 whitewash of England, capturing 37 wickets in a legacy-defining series.
593	Angela felt Michael appreciated her, but she was different from what he was expecting.
594	Angela said she and Brock continue to volunteer because “it makes a difference.”
595	Angels left-hander Tyler Skaggs (6-5), who was scratched from his start last week with right hamstring tightness, allowed one run in seven innings.
596	Angels starter Felix Pena gave up three runs in the first inning on a solo homer by Matt Chapman and a two-run homer by Khris Davis, but allowed nothing more until being replaced with two out in the sixth.
597	AngioDynamics (NASDAQ:ANGO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, September 27th.
598	An Illinois man Johnson City police charged with writing fake checks had warrants in surrounding counties, the city police department said in a news release.
599	An immigration moratorium and widespread deportations would not only cut mass shootings in half, but it would also free up the FBI’s time to focus on these delusional young men with the terrifying stare, who hear voices no one else hears.
600	An impassioned and eccentric billionaire, even by Silicon Valley standards, Mr. Benioff was drawn to computers at an early age.
601	An increase of 73 percent.
602	An individual at the home has a history with CPD & may possibly have been intended target of the shooting.
603	An internal revolt, public shaming: is there a future for Canada's far-right news & opinion site?
604	An LGBTQ+ group in Blackwood has recently celebrated its second anniversary.
605	Anna Merlan is a Senior Reporter with the Gizmodo Media Group’s Special Projects Desk.
606	Anne will work with clients to make the process as smooth as possible, in a practical and compassionate way.”
607	An NU student reported leaving his laptop in a classroom in West Village G Feb. 24. NUPD responded and reported checking the area with negative results.
608	A no contest plea on a felony matter is the same as a guilty plea for all purposes.
609	A no-deal Brexit would be a “nightmare scenario” for the insurance industry and must be avoided “at all costs” to safeguard the future of the sector, a new report has warned.
610	An official from the country’s Human Rights Commission said migrants could go through if they were in vans or trucks that offered them free rides, but if they had paid they would have to get out because of insurance regulations.
611	An organizer for the Ontario Coalition Against Poverty last week called the opening of the armoury "a good step and an important victory for homeless people in this city."
612	Another adage often attributed to him is, "In the short run, the market is a voting machine, but in the long run, it is a weighing machine."
613	Another cause for concern is the interference of FAR Ltd and Erin Energy in Gambia’s recent KMC Mayoral elections.
614	Another challenge for regional gas consumers is the so-called ‘Asian Premium’, as many nations rely heavily on imports of liquefied natural gas.
615	Another criticism of PoS is that the quantity of a miner’s stake means that it is possible to concentrate power in a small number of nodes, increasing the chances of tampering, according to pulbished by the law firm of Reed Smith LLP.
616	Another delightful detail courtesy of visual dictionary is the origins of Snoke’s ring, which he wears on the index finger of his left hand.
617	Another description saw him reportedly asking an unnamed fellow cast member for a hug during a commercial break.
618	Another election could swing the government either way, with separatist sympathies still simmering across Catalonia, though polls have shown support sharply down in recent months.
619	Another insider told NW magazine: ‘She’s strong-willed and you can’t keep a free spirit locked up for long.’
620	Another key to unlocking that Oilers power play is going to be putting right shot Jesse Puljujarvi — he of the absolutely smoking right shot onetimer — on the left half wall.
621	Another larger survey from the Kinsey Institute found lesbians orgasmed 86 per cent of the time during sex, while only 65 per cent of straight women did.
622	Another nasty word in the trader’s lexicon is is defined as being the body’s response to a perceived danger.
623	Another of them is Seth Abramson, a university lecturer in New Hampshire.
624	Another parent at the centre, Biola Omoba, told NAN that she could boldly say that “JAMB is improving every day’’.
625	Another person said their heart 'dropped' while watching the footage, and one Twitter user added: 'I almost sobbed!
626	Another possible ballot question is all about trash.
627	Another posted: 'The day you make a post about your smear test (with legs open no less) is the day I unfollow.
628	Another PPS program, Peoria Options Program, brings a traditional adult education program into the classroom.
629	Another protester confirmed by phone that he is a member of the Communist Party of Canada, who was there to support Canada Post and every worker’s right to strike.
630	Another reason EA isn’t improving the overall product.
631	Another risk factor that was identified was exposure to aflatoxin, a potent carcinogen appearing in drought stressed crops like corn in south Texas counties.
632	Another Rouge Pack member, OR-54, has spent time in California.
633	Another rumored series would center on Nick Fury, the man who brought the Avengers together and who’s mysterious backstory and doings have been teased for multiple films.
634	Another UFO sighting reported.
635	Another user wrote, “In other news Drake giving us a double album.
636	Another vision in blue and coral, this woman is simply magnificent.
637	Another wrote: “I thought we were done with selfies?”
638	Another wrote, “Mariah Carey is singing on New Year’s Eve again.
639	An out-of-season south swell will hold into Tuesday before slowly trending down through midweek.
640	Anthem Designed to Add Story Content for ‘Years to Come’ – Game RantAnthem Designed to Add Story Content for ‘Years to Come’
641	Anti-aging clinics such as this one have exploded in popularity around Florida in the past decade, but they occupy a legal gray area in the eyes of federal and state regulators.
642	Anticipation for tomorrow’s record breaking game is insane.
643	“Anti-homeless” spikes are installed where people try to sit or lay down, sloped benches only allow leaning (not sitting or laying) and ultraviolet lights make bathrooms uncomfortable.
644	Anti-Semitism is a kind of leitmotif that ran through his interviews and conversations.
645	A nuclear detonation by the United States at the Bikini Atoll in the Marshall Islands on May 21, 1958.
646	A number of agreements with the Kansas Department of Transportation as well as some agreements for work on the Highlands Sewer District number 8 will be considered.
647	A number of research firms recently weighed in on TMO.
648	A number of suspects, including billionaire Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal, were freed only after paying substantial financial settlements to the authorities.
649	Any good agency will ensure their candidates have been thoroughly screened, evaluated and assessed and their backgrounds checked.
650	Anyone interested in getting involved can make scarves and drop them off at the parish office, 406 E. Savidge St. in Spring Lake.
651	Anyone looking for more details should contact Kenny Gray on: kenni.
652	Anyone who came into contact with the eggs or candy and experiences nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, excessive seating or urination should seek medical assistance immediately.
653	Anyone who lives in Thomaston and needs a ride is encouraged to call the library, 354-2453, a week before the discussion date to arrange for a ride.
654	Anyone with information on the case should call police at 562-799-4100.
655	Anyone with information should call the sheriff’s department at 909-387-3545.
656	Anyone with no longer needed or out grown items is welcome to donate them to the store.
657	Any other rating changes stand out to you?
658	Any platform that has more than 5 million users located in India would also be required to appoint at least one full-time employee charged to work as a liaison between the government and the platform.
659	Any reference or mentioning of our president is nothing else but shocking and unpardonable diplomatic misconduct."
660	Any Road Will Get Us There (If We Don’t Know Where We’re Going) is published by Blink.
661	Any team would’ve been ecstatic to add a player with almost 450 goals and more than 800 career points to a lineup that already was challenging for the Presidents’ Trophy.
662	Anyway, writing a proposal for a research paper is also really critical as you always have the option to utilize it for your benefit.
663	Anže Semenič of Slovenia at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics.
664	A one-stop shop which addresses all your business finance and strategy needs.
665	A Pacific County man arrested by immigration officials after an interview with The Seattle Times expects to be released Friday.
666	A packed-out Twickenham erupted in a thunderous roar as the men in green stormed to victory on the feast day of Saint Patrick, beating England 24 to 15.
667	A pair of South Okanagan distilleries won gold medals for their products at the inaugural Canadian Artisan Spirit Competition, recently held in Vancouver.
668	A Palestinian farmer has been killed by Israeli artillery fire in Gaza, Palestinian officials say, hours before a major protest by Palestinians along the border is due to start.
669	Apart from hosts Coblenz Combined School, the following schools have all confirmed their participation: Okakarara, Waterberg, Okondjatu, Okamatapati, Khorab, Oshikoto, Opawa, Jan Mohr and Claudius Kapeua School (Ovitoto).
670	Apart from the likelihood of being scammed, a highly competitive platform and unwanted applications, job websites are very a godsend.
671	Apartment prices increased 6.4 percent y/y and 3 percent q/q in Q3 according to data released by Central Statistics Office GUS.
672	“A part of a freeway in California—in the San Fernando Valley, that’s amazing,” says Anderson.
673	A party chieftain who did not want his name in the print, said: “It is purely political, the widows were selected with high level of interest, and it does not represent the interest of everybody in the state.”
674	A passerby alerted the cops in the afternoon.
675	A passer-by discovered the dead brown-and-white pit bull in a wooded area in Jamestown Monday night.
676	A performance in the Eesti Laul 2018 finals.
677	A person dressed in an Easter Bunny costume waits with a White House aide on the South Portico steps to appear at the annual White House Easter Egg Roll.
678	A phenomenal effort by a PHENOMENAL CHAMPION as pic.
679	A photo of these two heads together deserves a place in history books and hair salons around the globe.
680	A photo tweeted by the Savannah Professional Firefighters Association shows the tail end of a plane and a field of flames and black smoke along the side of a road as an ambulance stands nearby.
681	A picture taken from Gaza City on May 29, 2018, shows a smoke billowing in the background following an Israeli air strike on the Palestinian enclave.
682	A plan to resolve North Carolina’s class size crisis is in the works and should be wrapped up in the coming weeks, an influential state legislator tells Policy Watch.
683	Apollo was seen looking away from the camera as he held a snack in his hand.
684	A popular way to prepare lambi is to make it into fritters The delicious fritters are often served as appetizers.
685	A port statement says the initial lease is expected to be for 20 years, plus four 10-year options.
686	Apparently not enough.
687	Appearing for the first time before the Oireachtas Justice Committee, Drew Harris was questioned by Sinn Féin Donnchadh Ó Laoghaire who said he had heard recent examples of resourcing issues.
688	Apple typically keeps stock separate for its online and offline purchases, so if you can’t wait an extra day then that’s an option you can check out.
689	Apple usually holds events in California – so don’t get your timezones mixed!
690	Applicant should have interest in applied mathematics; prior research experience will be considered as a plus point.
691	Approximately 1,100 prisoners were marched each day to the city of Krakow where Oscar Schindler’s factory was located.
692	Approximately 2.7% of the company’s stock are short sold.
693	Approximately, 84 million of our current share repurchase authorization remains available to us.
694	A press release was published on Wednesday, in which Barry detailed her apology and thoughts on the affair.
695	A product of Catholic education in Sioux City – Blessed Sacrament Grade School, Bishop Heelan High School and Briar Cliff College – Sweeney began his stint as a Catholic school educator at Danbury Catholic School.
696	A provincial act meant to make things easier for the families of students is creating a bit of controversy on a local school board.
697	A quiet and peaceful revolution is ongoing and it is in the best interest of all men and women of goodwill to join the train before it leaves the station so that they may not be left behind.
698	Aquila has focused on providing great solutions to Housing & Real Estate, Finance & Banking, and Travel throughout North America and Europe.
699	A Rajput coded Mewar admires Padmavati for her fidelity and femininity, which is represented as emblematic of their tradition.
700	Araujo, a certified medical interpreter, acts as a liaison between church members and the health system, and is now part of the South Shore Health System’s Patient and Family Advisory Council.
701	Ard gave birth to a baby girl on Oct. 4, 2013.
702	A real eye opener.
703	A reality TV star is president because civic duty is just one more episode in everyone’s personal reality show.
704	A really light EV chassis — around 1,200 pounds or so — would require a 400 pound battery pack and you could use a much smaller and less energy-thirsty electric motor to propel it.
705	Areas I know will only result in my feeling hurt about my mother’s loss – so I’ve stopped going to them.
706	A red carpet, marching band and honour guard welcomed the 36-year-old prince on his official visit, during which he toured a clinic and school in Jalazone camp, where 15,000 people live.
707	A relationship in which we must all invest if we are to be responsive and adaptive to threats which will emerge perhaps more rapidly than any of us can imagine.
708	A remembrance ceremony in Charlottetown highlighted Indigenous contributions to Canada's war efforts over the years.
709	A reminder that Poland didn't play any friendly matches for almost a year so they would be seeded for this World Cup.
710	Are people who regularly vent their spleen in danger?
711	A rep for the “KUWTK” star confirmed to that there was no truth to the report, but the magazine later doubled down with a new article that alleged Kardashian was threatening to take the kids away from West.
712	A report published recently by the Wild Birds Regulation Unit showed, however, that last autumn, while there were more than 15,000 registered hunters and trappers, only 2,167 sent messages declaring their catch.
713	A report was made at Rixon police station leading to Hove's arrest.
714	A representative for the agency that represents Hopper Penn did not have any immediate comment.
715	Are the nuts next to the sugar cubes?
716	A retiral collection will be held in aid of Young People’s Mental Health, Campbeltown Grammar School.
717	Are Trump and the mayor of London set to reconcile?
718	AR experience design and production by Evan Grothjan, Miles Peyton, Yuliya Parshina-Kottas and Karthik Patanjali.
719	Are you guys just trying to get Jake to block me, because if so it worked…like two years ago.
720	Are you kidding, WJZ?
721	Are you saying that people think about all of this too narrowly?
722	Are you tired of everyone around you always being smarter than you?
723	Arguably the spiritual home of posh tea, the Royal Warrant-stamped store has been selling tea since 1720, and serving up refined cuppas since 1926.
724	Argyll and Bute Council’s head of roads and amenity services, Jim Smith, replied: ‘They are all very different to Oban Bay.
725	Arizona is one of 17 states that allow a "personal belief" exemption from vaccinations, and Sunenshine said the state's exemption policy is one of the broadest of the bunch.
726	A roaring fire puts the average dog into a zone of toasty bliss.
727	Around 50 wrestlers, including those visiting guests from Georgia, shall compete for the top honours.
728	Around 70 per cent of the county council’s workforce are women.
729	Arrivals of all the contacted volume are expected to be completed this week.
730	Arsenal’s striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has endorsed Wizkid’s clothing line, striking a pose with a StarBoy T-shirt.
731	Article last reviewed by Tue 19 June 2018.
732	Artists touring at the medium expense level are able to allocate extra funds to things like live show production features, more comfortable accommodations, and promotion efforts for their shows.
733	Artist Veer Munshi, who presented this installation, believes that the park presented a different imagination to Gurgaon.
734	Art lovers can take in the whole show at the museum Monday to Saturday, 9.30am to 4pm except Sundays and Bank Holidays.
735	AR Workshop® of Brandon is located at 1046 Bloomingdale Ave. in Valrico.
736	As a corporate IT manager, adjust that philosophy to meet your situation.
737	Asadov is also scheduled to meet with Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, and Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council Rear Admiral Ali Shamkhani.
738	“As a librarian, you can work with people, students and faculty from all across campus and you can also still teach, but you aren’t locked in to necessarily one department.
739	As alluded to in the previous discussion, approximately half of the sample spoke to modifications in their worldview.
740	As a longtime member of the Burlington Rescue Squad Jeff Koenen is accustomed to rushing to the scenes of car crashes.
741	As a matter of fact, the previous plan mentioned associated costs to implement that previous plan at nearly $40 million dollars.
742	"As Ameritech Financial grows, being able to offer quality jobs to this community that has showed its caliber is a good feeling."
743	As a musician, musically, it just wasn’t attractive.
744	As an Arab minority, I fight for my rights, and one of them was to get back money to make my film, which I paid in my taxes.
745	As an editor of the acclaimed Cineaste film quarterly, he established a relationship between Cineaste and the Thessaloniki International Film Festival.”
746	As angry protesters blocked streets and lit various materials on fire, including large sheets of plywood and garbage bins, police hurled tear gas and shot water cannons on the crowds, the majority of which were centered near the Champs-Elysees.
747	As a tactic, it does seem to have some merit.
748	As a teenager, I was told we would run out of gas by now, yet it's $2.09 here.
749	As a thorough bred Ekiti person with a deep love of this land and the people It is incumbent on me to resist and stop the evil agenda of one man to put our people in perpetual enslavement.
750	“As a young boy he was on a very sharp incline and his career was heading upwards quickly, but then he has had problems with injury.
751	“As a young gay man in New York City, I’ve felt no pressure from friends or colleagues to settle down.
752	As Carrington’s impact became apparent publicly, he took his social media presence to another level, dropping that now-iconic emoji every time a recruit gave the Longhorns a silent commitment.
753	As CNET found, changing iTunes region was tougher than you might expect.
754	As director of DTSA, Grant said she expects to play “an even more active role” on the question of whether to export the F-35 to Turkey.
755	As Dr Kim Glass, Lead GP at Bupa Health Clinics, says: start small and set yourself mini-goals.
756	As ecological indicator species they inform us when environmental conditions have changed.
757	A second man employed by Macron’s centrist La République en Marche party, Vincent Crase, was indicted for violence against demonstrators.
758	A second shooter—the Instrument Context Camera—is located under the lander’s deck, where it can capture admittedly less attractive views.
759	A security freeze makes it harder for criminals to use stolen information to open fraudulent new accounts, or borrow money, in your name.
760	As Emily Atkin of the New Republic detailed, NBC also tried to “both sides” climate science by having deniers on TV to talk about the National Climate Assessment.
761	A series of poisons, known as Novichok 5, 7, 8 and 9 to identify them, were produced amid conditions of complete secrecy.
762	A series of public interest cases, led by a batch of 27 petitions challenging the Aadhaar scheme, will be heard back-to-back by a fivejudge Constitution Bench from January 17.
763	As every other minister seemingly now felt free to pursue their own agendas, then he could, too.
764	As first reported, it took her more than 250 job applications to find another one.
765	As for Einhorn, he's had some better news lately.
766	As for Gill, Lewis got to know the accomplished singer/guitarist after meeting him at a show by Gill’s side band, the Time Jumpers.
767	As for his power production, Ockimey must use the same approach – keep it simple.
768	As for me, you might say head pieces are beginning to grow on me.
769	As for Tate, you just need to rewatch his game against UCLA last year to know why he’s one of the most electrifying players in college football.
770	As for the claim that a split is imminent, Hudson and Fujikawa spent this past weekend at a spa in Ojai, California.
771	As for the water ski show area, renovations include removing the concrete seating and replacing it with green grass embankment, making the facilities ADA-compatible, and adding a new stage area.
772	As for your Nigerian passport, please KEEP IT.
773	Asghari says he hopes the video will help lead to the suspect.
774	As Griffin walked off the court with his second technical foul, he took off his jersey and threw it into the stands, yelling and swearing as he walked to the locker room.
775	A sharper angle than normal.
776	Ashby got 11 points from Courtney Koefod and 10 from Josey Ness, but fall to 2-8.
777	Ashley Poirier and Maggie Rada hit home runs.
778	A: Shortest stay is one night.
779	Aside from a Texas subsidiary that makes moving lights for events, essentially all of its sales volume is designed and produced in Dane County.
780	Aside from the aforementioned 12-inch screen, the Rebel 12 also brings leather seats to the Ram Rebel for the first time.
781	As if he wasn’t nervous enough, Stella (Vernee Watson) decided to show up at the last minute.
782	As if I care about his future, which I don’t.
783	As if to draw closer to the original (and to ignore the nine sequels and reboots in between), this “Halloween” has simply taken Carpenter’s 1978 title.
784	A significant pay cut will be needed, but he can still be an effective top-six scorer.
785	A sign of fall, snow is creeping down the Alaska Range, as low pressure pushes across the interior today.
786	As I have done before, I immediately went to my folders to pull the letters that mom sent for her children.
787	A simple test brings both the accident and murder to light.
788	A single global OTT video platform, with multiple live feeds and hundreds of hours of past highlights, gives fans the power to create their own unique, immersive motorsports experiences.
789	As I pack my bags for Tanzania, I’m thinking about his partnership with the public schools in Akron, Ohio.
790	As I reached home, my hostess checked if I could have eggs in crepes that she was preparing for me.
791	As I recall, it came on after I got home from school.
792	As it’s a preproduction car there isn’t any MPG information available, though if that’s a concern you probably shouldn’t be looking at something quite like this.
793	As I write this column, just a few weeks to go and then the ball falls in NYC, and we all are challenged to remember to write 2018 on our checks and letters.
794	Asked by MP Madis Milling (Reform) to confirm whether the Estonian-language translation of the migration compact was competent, Mikser replied that the safest bet was to rely on the English-language text.
795	Asked if he believes the chemical weapons attacks — which have reportedly killed many, including children — are fake news, Putin said, "Of course."
796	Asked if the decision of the actor to enter politics was reason enough for the ruling AIADMK and his faction to unite, Mr. Dhinakaran told “Our supporters have never been supporters of him (Rajinikanth).
797	Asked if the investigation had come to a turning point, Idsinga said he would describe it as “progressing,” with police turning their focus to preparations for McArthur’s trial.
798	Asked in her press conference what she would have done differently in hindsight, Williams became increasingly emotional as she said: "I can't sit here and say I wouldn't say he's a thief, because I thought he took a game from me.
799	As Kimberly so simply put it, “The girls are wanting it.
800	Ask Sample PDF of Report at https://www.
801	As late as last week, the site was still largely overgrown.
802	“As leaders, we must stand up to our responsibilities, being that most of us here are affected.
803	As long as the Jets stay focused, they’ll cruise here.
804	As long as they have James Harden, they will compete for titles.
805	A small door tucked into the stairs, leaded-glass windows, and a window seat manage to blend with subway tile, stainless steel, and a walk-in closet to form a blissful marriage of old and new.
806	A smaller opposition party, the Economic Freedom Fighters, has made a similar statement.
807	As many others have found, the couple is busier in retirement than they were before.
808	As mentioned earlier, all payments must happen via the VPNhub app on your Android or iOS device.
809	As much as she tried to remain independent and strong, Lorelai often found herself making compromising decisions in her love life.
810	As of April 19, Drake has yet to release a statement.
811	As officers were coming in, Wilson placed her hands on an officer’s chest and pushed him back, the report stated.
812	As O’Herron was transported to the police department, the officer noted that the odor of alcohol emanating from him was “overwhelming.”
813	As one leading financial manager states, “There are no good guys here.
814	As one of the first superhero films with a black protagonist, the film had symbolic significance that Mills acknowledged.
815	A southern equivalent of the Northern League with neofascist roots, its policies are broadly similar.
816	“A space nuclear reactor could provide a high energy density power source with the ability to operate independent of solar energy or orientation, and the ability to operate in extremely harsh environments, such as the Martian surface.”
817	“As parking demand continues to grow, Metro will consider implementing the program at any of our parking facilities,” Ching said.
818	As part of a quality education, students should be encouraged to voice their concerns and participate in America’s unique, open political system.
819	As part of efforts to improve on the country’s internal security, the (NAF) has taken delivery of two Mi-35M helicopter gunships that the Federal Government had since ordered from Russia.
820	A Special Investigation Team (SIT) has also been formed to probe the matter.
821	A speedier phase-out of coal in Germany will have a dampening effect on the price for carbon allowances.
822	A spokesman at the agency told the ‘News-Leader’ that they had received no tickets to respond to cut services in either Howard or Hempstead counties, Sunday.
823	A spokesman for U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Kentucky did not respond to an email seeking comment.
824	A spokeswoman from Wiltshire Police said: “When we arrived the dog was heavily panting and not responding.
825	As Roosevelt left, in his wheelchair, he passed Mencken’s table.
826	Assemblyman Victor Pichardo secured funding for roof repairs.
827	As she was speaking, saying that he knew she could not do that, Mr. Margraves then rushed across the room toward Dr. Nassar, who was seated at a table on his left toward the front of the courtroom.
828	Assistant city attorney Andy Gilbert said this week there was also a recent shooting outside the clubs, as well as "sordid activities taking place inside" Pilikia.
829	As soon as his mother passed, Peter ran out of the hospital and was immediately abducted by aliens.
830	“As staff members, we are consulting with them and I’d like them to be settled down as soon as possible.”
831	As such, Chilling Adventures of SabrinaSabrina the Teenage Witch in many ways - and that includes Salem.
832	As such, it helps Honda by providing economies of scale for its high-volume Civic assembly line as passenger-sedan sales wane in the face of continually rising demand for SUVs and crossover utilities of all sizes.
833	Astana-based KTZ is Kazakhstan’s national railway company which develops, operates and maintains railway transportation in the country and internationally.
834	A steady stream of adults and children took part in activities.
835	“As the attack surface continues to expand, there is an acute need to ensure the benefits of IoT— and technological innovation more broadly — are nurtured while simultaneously mitigating against the associated risks.”
836	As the below graph demonstrates, ownership of a variety of technological devices is incredibly high among those aged 50+.
837	As the body digests the food, the processed ingredients become part of your systems.
838	“As the link between wokeness and profit becomes more clear,” White writes.
839	As the process of taking evidence speeds up, we have just begun to hear the first conflicting accounts between survivors and firefighters.
840	As the report put it: "Without identifying and understanding the specific challenges facing women of color in the computing and technology pipeline, any interventions made will be exclusionary, insufficient, and ineffective."
841	As the trial got underway, Spies entered the courtroom wearing a grey sweatshirt and jeans and covering his face with a binder.
842	Asthma Australia will host a “People with Asthma” event at Parliament House to educate politicians on the impacts of the long-term lung condition.
843	Astonishing footage of the near miss in the treacherous icy conditions in Edinburgh went viral, and the mother-of-two was praised for her incredible quick thinking.
844	As town manager that means leading the effort to be responsible in every aspect of the town such as the charges at the landfill during clean up, which has lead to changes in recent years.
845	As Trivium noted: “Everyone knew that the big man was in Guangdong.
846	Astros: Gerrit Cole (13-5, 2.86 ERA) will start for Houston when they visit Boston on Friday night for the start of a three-game series.
847	A structure fire occurred at approximately 2:41 p.m. Sunday afternoon, August 12 in Clinton County on the Clear Fork Church Road.
848	“A student had noticed that someone had written on the bathroom door, a bomb threat,” Jackson said.
849	A student walks out of school during the storm in Newtown, Pennsylvania, U.S., March 2, 2018.
850	A subsequent investigation found the vessel was unseaworthy and not carrying an emergency beacon, flares or sufficient life jackets.
851	A summit organised by Warwick and Leamington MP Matt Western was attended by 20 support organisations, including national charities Shelter and Crisis, as well as representatives from Warwick District Council and Warwickshire County County.
852	As we head into the fall, the scandal of clergy sexual abuse continues to burgeon, not only in Pennsylvania but across the United States and several other countries.
853	As well, you may email me at little.
854	As we turn down the volume on our palettes, we turn up the volume on our silhouettes.
855	As with other investments, there are generally fees and expenses associated with participation in a 529 savings plan, and each plan has its own rules and restrictions, which can change at any time.
856	“As you are aware, prior to now, tenement rate used to be collected by the local government for all houses in the state.
857	As you build your Friendship Level with the friend you are trading with, you’ll find that you can complete the trade with much less Stardust.”
858	As you can see, Ian Kinsler is back at second for Boston.
859	As you can snapshot, fitness stories, similar to other themed novel necessitates a selected quantity of information and desire to fix it.
860	“As you continue to learn and grow in the years ahead, never stop standing up for what is right and seeking opportunities to be a leader, and know that I am cheering you on for a future of great success,” she added.
861	“As you know from my track career, it took me 10 years to mix it with the guys and win races.
862	As you know, we compete with multi-billion dollar businesses, which I think a lot of people â€“ some people desire to work there.
863	As you said, Captain’s has been extremely successful.
864	At 10 a.m. Tuesday, the Senate Appropriations Committee’s defense panel will mark-up this year’s defense funding bill.
865	“At 1am, men with covered faces invaded my residence and started shooting sporadically.
866	At 246 E. US Highway 54, the facility is easy to find, located in the big yellow building right next to the Camdenton McDonalds.
867	At 7:40 a.m. a shed on the 35000 block of County Road 157 in Ulen was reportedly broken into and ply board, air tubes, and jacks were taken.
868	Atal Bihari Vajpayee, 93. The former Indian prime minister was a Hindu nationalist who set off a nuclear arms race with rival Pakistan but later reached across the border to begin a groundbreaking peace process.
869	At a media round-table in Japan, meanwhile, a Panasonic executive said the company would increase its investment in Tesla's Gigafactory, which builds the Powerpack batteries as well as batteries for the automaker's cars, if Tesla asked.
870	At an undefeated 11-0, the Long Island, New York native will be headed into a home game come Friday night.
871	“At community level, we have started it, if we are joining people together now as husband and wife in communities in my domain, we ask for result of HIV test to know the status of the couple concerned.
872	“At current sugar realisations of Rs 27 per kg and applying the Rangarajan formula of paying farmers 75 per cent of that, we can afford a cane price of just over Rs 200 per quintal.
873	A team led by Thai navy SEAL divers pushed through the murk of a kilometer- (half-mile-) long chamber to a passageway that could lead to where the missing possibly took shelter, said the SEAL’s commander, Rear Adm.
874	A Temple University basketball team manager, Constand said he gave her three unlabeled blue pills to "relax" as she discussed a career change.
875	A Test debut awaits halfback Te Toiroa Tahuriorangi, who is on the bench.
876	At first, Hyundai decreed that its Genesis cars would only be sold through a select number of dealers, but then changed its mind.
877	ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Frantic relatives headed to the Athens morgue Thursday to seek the fate of loved ones still missing after Greece’s deadliest forest fire in decades, a blaze that Greek authorities said they increasingly suspect resulted from arson.
878	ATHENS – Grivalia Properties REIC announced the acquisition of 49 pct of the company with the distinctive title “ PIRAEUS PORT PLAZA 3” (“PPP3”).
879	A. The peaceful transition of presidential power in February 2017.
880	At his parole eligibility hearing, Garnier’s lawyer filed documents arguing he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as a result of Campbell’s death.
881	Athletic skills far from normal, for one that naturally touches a goal like the reverse against Genoa (which then led to the network of Babacar) and in the past, especially with Milan, has accustomed us to make even more beautiful.
882	A thrill-seeking glider pilot who gained thousands of followers on after videoing his airborne exploits died after deliberately taking off in “challenging” conditions, a crash investigation has found.
883	Atiku, who made the comment through his twitter handle, said, “Congratulations Super Eagles.
884	Atiku won’t get automatic ticket if he returns.
885	Atiqul guns for Dhaka North mayor’s office after ‘getting AL green light’
886	At issue is a tweet Trump made in which he dismissed a composite sketch that Daniels says depicts a man who threatened her in 2011 to stay quiet about her alleged sexual encounter with Trump.
887	At its best, “Support the Girls” recalls the heyday of Jonathan Demme in its wryly comic worldview and unerring casting.
888	Atlanta led 32-26 after one quarter.
889	ATLANT can be traded on these cryptocurrency exchanges: Mercatox, YoBit, HitBTC, Exrates, OKEx and EtherDelta (ForkDelta).
890	At least 50 people were killed, most of them children, and 77 others injured, he said.
891	At least 75% of entered works must be produced outdoors and within the bounds of the park.
892	At left are Laurel’s father Jason Cooper and her sister Annalise Cooper.
893	Atmore Police Department’s rank and file welcomed two rookie patrol officers after the December 7 graduation ceremony at the Alabama Criminal Justice Training Center’s police academy.
894	At most, those statements were an aspirational expression of interest that cannot give rise to a contract.
895	A token-based social network would at least give early adopters a piece of the action, rewarding them for their labors in making the new platform appealing.
896	A total of $15,000 in real prize money was up for grabs.
897	A total of $1 million has been allotted for the program, with funding in equal amounts from both parties.
898	A total of $24.16 million has been spent on the 48th District race, with just over $8 million of that coming from candidate campaign committees and rest, nearly $16 million, coming from outside spending groups.
899	A total of 9,766 Model 3 vehicles were made in the quarter.
900	At present, the platform has already launched trading pairs for approximately 100 different coins and tokens, among which over 30 are the world’s leading ICO projects.
901	At present, though, the large number of economic positives in Colorado far outweigh the negatives — which means we should expect a steady influx of new Coloradans for the foreseeable future.
902	A tragedy, and I am not sure the right jury decision occurred, but some of the blame needs to be accepted by the perpetrators of the original crime.
903	A tragedy upends Phoenix’s life, and he agrees to go undercover to help the police (and his family).
904	A trooper searching for the street sweeper on Elm Street in Medford spotted the stolen vehicle a short time later and the street sweeper drove at the trooper, causing him to swerve out of the way to avoid being hit, Procopio said.
905	A truck in the carport was also engulfed in the fire.
906	At some point, alas, it went from being descriptive to proscriptive.
907	Attempted hacks cannot hurt you, but the increase in frequency does mean your data is at risk.
908	Attempts to incorporate a key scientific study into global climate talks in Poland have failed.
909	Attempt to bury your right foot in the deep pile carpet and the Bentayga V8 surges forward with a gurgling growl, particularly when you’ve switched the drive mode dial to Sport.
910	At that age, my prize swelled all on its own.
911	At that point, it didn’t seem like a comeback was really in the cards.
912	At that point the look of shock and glee on Union’s face pretty much said it all as she raised her glass to do a toast.
913	At that time he was meeting with a publisher about the possibility of writing a book, and he also mentioned his interest in writing a book about mentoring.
914	At that time Juana and her husband had young children, and she had to take trips on a regular basis to meet with chorizeros and butchers.
915	“At the conclusion of the investigation, the investigator will prepare a report with findings and recommendations.”
916	At the end of 90 minutes, honours were shared.
917	At the end of the day, people don’t buy products because of the people in the office — they buy products when they feel connected to them.
918	“At the end of the season most young players would be away on holiday or wanting to unwind, but for me it was just brilliant.
919	At the end of the season, they tried to run their traditional offense and he struggled.
920	At the end, she adds up the scores.
921	At the festivals, the band will play in front of the largest crowds of their career with artists like Beyonce and Brockhampton, as well as personal favorites like the Canadian indie-pop band Alvvays.
922	At the hastily organized news conference, which ran late into the evening, Saikawa apologized for the trouble he said had been caused by Ghosn, who has long been seen as the public face of the automaker.
923	“At the moment, it all looks quite uncertain and up in the air,” says Nicholson Price, an assistant professor of law at the University of Michigan.
924	“At the moment they have a local independent engineer that is assessing the building on a daily basis.”
925	At the moment we don’t know which system the cartridges were supposed to be imitating.
926	At the new Haidilao restaurant, robots will take orders, prepare and deliver raw meat and fresh vegetables to customers to plop into soups prepared at their tables.
927	At the other end of the age range, senior Kendall Gustafson will make her first nationals appearance in her last collegiate meet.
928	At the outset, the new ETS will cover only the power sector.
929	At the photocall for jurors on May 8 wearing Prada.
930	At the resumed hearing Monday, counsel to the plaintiff, Wole Olanipekun (SAN), urged the court to answer in the affirmative questions raised in the plaintiff’s originating summons and grant all the reliefs sought.
931	At the rose ceremony, Arie presented his roses to Lauren, Kendall, Ashley, Becca K., Chelsea, Jenna, Jacqueline, Marikh and Krystal.
932	At the same time, Annaliese is telling some of the women how connected she feels to Jordan.
933	At the same time, it makes me feel motivated to do more and to give more with whatever I do in the future.
934	At the security meeting, the French leader asked his interior minister to consider making "adaptations" to security procedures to try to contain ongoing protests sparked by rising fuel taxes, Macron's office said in a statement.
935	At the start of the new (Government) dispensation there were only three EPOs, which were in place.
936	At the Thibodaux Police Department headquarters, Patton began to act lethargic and had poor coordination, and officers transferred him to the hospital after his BAC was confirmed.
937	At the time it seemed a world away.
938	At the time of MH370’s fuel exhaustion the sun was 7 degrees above the horizon.
939	"At the time she had altered levels of consciousness and was in a significant amount of pain."
940	At the time she was the single largest item ever sold on the site, Mr. Golden said.
941	At the time, U.S. President Donald Trump announced that he would move his country's embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
942	At this point, I'm gonna need to see April the giraffe's charts.
943	At this stage there are still some important technical decisions to make and work to complete before we start Alpha releases for Amlogic, Rockchip and Slice hardware (August is also holiday season).
944	At this time, Vengsarkar chose to continue as vice-president of Mumbai Cricket Association and hence could not be considered to the post in any of the selection committees.”
945	Attorney Dennis Herrera and Chief Deputy city attorney Therese M. Stewart in San Francisco on Feb. 17, 2004.
946	At UW, if you miss appointments, “you’re done,” Besaw said.
947	Aubrey Parks roped a home run and a double, and finished with three RBIs as Spanish Springs topped Douglas 6-1 last Wednesday.
948	Audacia Ray, director of advocacy and community organizing at the New York City Anti-Violence Project and a former sex worker, says this new burst of electrical energy is building on a long legacy.
949	Audrey Manz threw a one-hit shutout and Paulding used an 11-run fourth inning to roll past Miller City 13-0 in softball on Monday.
950	Aug 27, 2018 (LBO) – Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera has commended the progress acquired by the Port of Colombo during the recent past, Sri Lanka Ports Authority said.
951	August: Infowars conspiracy theorist Alex Jones is banned by a slew of social media platforms.
952	A user over at Reddit posted a long, detailed piece of text that he/she claimed describes the first trailer of Avengers 4. Many have said it is a very fine piece of fan-fiction, while others say it is too detailed to be completely fake.
953	Austin Giberson missed the match due to sickness and Lane Davis shot a 43 for the junior varsity team.
954	Austin Oladapo utilised Stanley Dimgba six minutes later to extend their lead and cruise to an important win ahead of the second leg game in Calabar.
955	Australia with its large Turkish Australian population and concerns over refugee flows has a stake in making sure that Turkey's economy pulls through and its democracy thrives again.
956	Authorities arrived on scene and found a 49-year-old man unconscious lying face-up on the hallway floor with trauma to his head and face inside the first-floor apartment, police said.
957	Authorities said 17-year-old Bailey Lee Scott and 19-year-old Carlos Daniel DeJesus - both of Raleigh - turned themselves in about 4:30 p.m. Monday at the Wake County Detention Center.
958	Authorities said a bag of fireplace ashes started the blaze.
959	Authorities say the shooting happened around 9:30 p.m. on Catalpa Street near Kenneth Avenue.
960	Authorities were forced to close down a previous landfill at Temploni following an EU fine for breaching environmental regulations.
961	Author Michael Sullivan talks with reader Laura Hampton of Centennial, a member of the Littleton Friends of the Library/Museum Board, as he autographs her copy of “Midnight at the Bright Ideas Bookstore,” following his talk on Jan.
962	Author Steven Metz observed that “Even if diplomacy does not pan out, South Korea has reached the point that militarily where it could defeat another North Korean invasion on its own.”
963	Autistic men are "creepy".
964	Autonomous vehicles or self-driving cars are in the development stage.
965	Available at almost half of the price of the Samsung Galaxy Note 9 and the iPhone X, OnePlus 6 features top-notch hardware and performs really well.
966	Avalanche Canada is warning folks of potential danger, with another round of snowfall hitting the area.
967	'Avengers: Infinity War' Is this Generation's 'Empire Strikes Back'
968	Average gas gathering and transmission volumes increased by approximately 10 percent from fourth quarter 2017 and 49 percent from first quarter 2017.
969	Aviation have blasted the Egyptians for destroying a historical artefact and for displaying it without any mention of the pilot, Flight Sergeant Dennis Copping.
970	Avicii had three siblings named David Bergling, Linda Sterner, and Anton Körberg.
971	A video that a tourist from Argentina shot in St. Peter’s Square in 2015 shows Francis describing the Osorno residents who were protesting against Barros as “dumb.”
972	AWARD WINNERS — Contestants at nationals included (back, l.-r.) Emma Thompson, Natalie Schrad, Ellie Rankin; (back right) Emily Naber and Claire Weidner; (front) Madyson Zoucha and Jenna Preister.
973	A weather warning has been issued for snow and ice across the North-east.
974	A win at Extreme Rules would also give The Devil’s Favorite Demon his 13th Tag Team Title reign in WWE.
975	A wind Advisory will go into effect at 11:00 AM for the Mississippi River counties for stronger gusts.
976	A winter storm warning is in effect for Livingston and Oakland counties until 9 a.m., according to the National Weather Service.
977	A worker at a bakery in the same strip mall ran out and saw the flames, taking a picture of the fire as it was burning.
978	A worker told officers that one of their employees admitted to stealing controlled substances from the pharmacy.
979	A wreck occurred at 2:46 p.m. outside Manning Elementary School.
980	A year earlier in another case, a different female driver reported that Nelson at 8:05 a.m. on Oct. 22, 2016, drove his vehicle alongside hers while fondling his penis in the 2200 block of W. 6th Avenue in Stillwater, an affidavit said.
981	A year on, some of the answers are clear as day.
982	Ayew entered the fray to a raucous reception from the Jack Army.
983	A young boy is separated from his mum and goes to live with his father and step mum.
984	A young boy watches Britain's Got Talent contestant Susan Boyle on YouTube on April 21, 2009 in Glasgow, Scotland.
985	A young woman will come up to me and say lovely things.
986	Backed by a sea of towel-waving fans wearing white “Cleveland Whatever It Takes” T-shirts, James did just that to push the series to Boston, where he has had some of his biggest moments on the renowned parquet floor.
987	Back in 2012, archaeologists concluded that a series of cave paintings in Spain were created by Neanderthals, not early humans as was previously assumed.
988	Back in the ring Morgan stomps away and hits the elbows in the corner.
989	Backstage, Rusev delivered a promo while Lana stood by.
990	Back then he stored his guitar amp at my house, which is only worth mentioning because his amp had a volume knob that went up to 11—like the Spinal Tap gag, but for real.
991	Back to the Future ’80s New Year’s Eve: Who says a puffy red vest isn’t NYE wear?
992	Bad decision to choose Bombardier.
993	Bafounga hopes to set up a permanent stall at a roadside market in central Bangui and employ others to help him, while Baliba already has a team of seven workers.
994	Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati had announced the backing of her party for SP candidates in both the constituencies in return for a SP support to her party candidate in the Rajya Sabha biennial elections.
995	Bailey intends on keeping it that way.
996	Balasore: A woman delivered a baby girl at Jaleswar railway station in Balasore district after the train she was travelling remained halted at the station following protests by tribals on Monday.
997	Balcos recited some translations of poems by Rumi, the 13th century Persian poet, which addressed “the secret inside of us,” meditation and inner reflection.
998	Bald eagles still perch on the chimney, which despite the angle and ominous cracks, is still intact.
999	Ballard says officers tracked the victim down on Tuesday and contacted the FBI on Wednesday.
1000	BAMN organizer Kate Stenvig told the the student was wearing a Donald Trump shirt and said immigrants should be “deported or killed.”
1001	Bangor lost to District 6 champion Gorham 20-4 in another three-inning affair on Friday.
1002	Banks and bankers are NOT specific to capitalism.
1003	“Barbara Bush was a fabulous First Lady and a woman unlike any other who brought levity, love, and literacy to millions,” he said.
1004	Barbee managed to win a small victory in November when, with the help of ACCE, she and a group of other tenants rallied at Blackstone’s L.A. headquarters to demand a rent freeze.
1005	Barbora Strycova of the Czech Republic, who is ranked No. 24, said a woman returning from pregnancy did not deserve special treatment.
1006	Barcelona have won LaLiga for the 25th time in their history after beating Deportivo La Coruna 4-2 on Sunday.
1007	Barcelona initiated another attack and it's Lionel Messi who gets the ball, He passes it to Andre Gomes on the right but he cannot do anything with it.
1008	Barcelona's attack resembling a machine gun now.
1009	Barclays Africa had directed Teleology to make an initial non-refundable cash deposit of $50 million within 21 days, which expired on March 21, 2018, and then pay the balance of $251 million within 90 working days from March 21, which ended July 25.
1010	Barkley said the Children’s Aid Society has been “contacted and will be consulted” but did not say in what capacity.
1011	Barnett’s father was in hiding for much of the next six years.
1012	Barriers can also include everything from tariffs to legal red tape.
1013	Barriers have been set; barbed wire has been put in place.
1014	Barr is a huge part of this year’s defense and they don’t have a replacement for him.
1015	Bartlett has now won its last five games and is 17-5 on the season.
1016	Based on her insights, there are some not-as-obvious benefits to this arrangement as well.
1017	“Based on the behavior of Oscars fans online, we predict YouTube will be the most critical social channel for engaging Academy Awards fans in 2018,” Ms Bailis says.
1018	Bashir became the first Arab head of state to visit Syria since the start of the war.
1019	Basically, the GOP, with multiple resignations and full circling of the wagons, are not by any means acting like they are innocent.
1020	Batwoman joining the Arrowverse is extremely exciting, but we don’t need to see any hint of the Dark Knight in person on the show until this show has gotten itself established — and even then only in a very limited capacity.
1021	Baylen's a quietly courageous leader, a gentleman who loves his family and who never draws attention to himself.
1022	“BCF will be issuing three promoter licenses.
1023	Bean plays an inspector determined to discover who is responsible for a washed-up corpse cobbled together from the bodies of several different victims.
1024	Be as real and authentic as you can while still representing yourself and the college well.
1025	“Be aware of when our trucks are out there and you see they’re spraying a solution you need to stay a good distance back.
1026	“Be careful what you wish for!”
1027	Because, as she put it, “like an immigrant who was brought here by his parents and didn’t do anything wrong, I’ve got to get the fuck out of here.”
1028	Because bourbon rightfully plays a wonderful supporting role in this book, I need to know what your favorite bourbon is, and how you like to drink it.
1029	“Because I don’t want to get in the mosh pit with this guy.”
1030	Because it was the food that everybody else wanted, but it was what you get when you’re broke.
1031	Because of her extreme devotion to her narcissistic mother, she married a rage-filled narcissistic man because, and I quote, “he felt like home.”
1032	Because of that, there have been manifestations of racism and anti-Semitism in various forms, linking the Jews to the ‘power elites,’ ” she explains.
1033	Because of them, three women who finished in the top 15 this year aren’t eligible for prize money they would have received if they were men.
1034	Because that’s how I often feel…
1035	Because the oil itself does not contain ricin, the poison naturally found in castor beans, it has also found its way into the cosmetic world as a benefit for both skin and hair.
1036	Because this is all top secret super duper spy shit.
1037	Because unless it’s addressed it will happen again,” Clinton said in a tweet.
1038	“Because we always have hard freezes,” Gibb said.
1039	Because where they are going is retirement.
1040	Because yeah, we should totally tell boys and young men that they'll always be stupid and it's totally okay to be stupid.
1041	Beckham is then shown holding her leg in the air, scrolling down her phone while wearing the black catsuit from the 1996 video.
1042	Bedbugs are difficult to deal with because of how hard they can be to spot and how quickly they can spread, said Neetu Gogna, office manager at Pestend Pest Control, one of the companies that identified the insects to Dube as bedbugs.
1043	Beer might not be of everyone’s liking, but it surely is important to those who develop a gradual penchant towards it.
1044	Beetle Coin (BEET) traded 2.6% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0010 or 0.00000022 BTC.
1045	Before going further, let's recap where we left off with Avengers: Infinity War.
1046	Before he co-founded Vine, Kroll was the Chief Technology Officer for Jetsetter.
1047	Before… if somebody bought more than two guns in a 30-day period there would be a red flag.
1048	Before I reached level 37, began an event which introduced a new group of animals that would visit every players’ campgrounds.
1049	Before lemons and limes were widely and affordably available though, much of the world relied on vinegar for that fresh rush of flavor, mixing it with fruit, water, spices, and herbs to make thirst quenchers and fancy drinks alike.
1050	Before long, lamentations start to echo around us and we venture further down to come face to face with these grievers.
1051	Before narrating events leading to the dramatic military takeover on November 15 and his life after leaving office, Mugabe asked “the weak” to leave the venue as he was about to give graphic details of the fierce power struggles.
1052	Before she’d finished it, she was in her birthday suit, courtesy of Dave.
1053	Before Silas’ bridge was tested, an announcement was made that he was unable to attend because he had the flu, but he was watching the event from home thanks to the creative FCSDOT that live-streamed it on YouTube.
1054	Before we know it, these issues in states spanning across the country will not just be some tragedy that we see happen on the news.
1055	Begaye said he read the entire Encyclopedia Britannica as a youth.
1056	Begin by putting the corn kernels into a large bowl.
1057	Be happy and comfortable with you.
1058	Behind the top two, talent continues to persists.
1059	Be honest about what you find.
1060	Beijing had to back down amid Washington’s intervention.
1061	Being able to predict what’s coming and see beyond what’s currently seen allows companies to deal with potential problems before they happen, saving them time, money, and bad publicity.
1062	Being a loser with nothing better to do-er, being an avid Twitter user, I interact with many other fans.
1063	Being a parent with Netflix, this is unfortunately relavent to me.
1064	Being a performance exhibitionist is one of my hobbies.
1065	Being a woman, especially a bit of a young woman in this industry, raising myself in this industry, it’s been limited, but I’ve done the most with what I can, especially considering that.
1066	Being confident enough to talk about intimacy with your partner is in itself a huge turn-on for both of you.
1067	Being dependent on someone because he is richer does not mean one is out of poverty.
1068	Being in a new environment could be overwhelming and the need to have some anchor could be the driving force here for you.
1069	"Being my first out-of-state dispatch, I've seen more country than I have, really, in the state of Oregon and I've seen fire behavior here that I haven't seen in Oregon and it's a whole 'nother world out here," said Butler.
1070	Being overweight can in many cases get in the way of one feeling confident in their looks.
1071	“Being poor costs money.”
1072	Be in the Sun as much as possible.
1073	BEIRUT, Lebanon (AFP) — Syria’s regime and its ally Russia resumed air strikes on the south of the country on Wednesday after rebels said talks over a government takeover had “failed.”
1074	“Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father is in me” (14:10).
1075	Bella, my other dog.
1076	Bello, who is also a party leader in the constituency, said it was imperative for the lawmaker to retrace his steps for his own integrity and for his constituents to also benefit from the dividends of democracy as promised by Gov. Akeredolu.
1077	Beneath each family member’s picture is a comment.
1078	Ben Gamel was standing on first base when Gordon made contact.
1079	Bening, a four-time Academy Award nominee, has starred in films such as “Being Julia,” “The American President,” “American Beauty,” The Kids Are All Right,” and, most recently, “Film Stars Don’t Die in Liverpool.”
1080	Benjamin Melniker, Michael E. Uslan, Kevin De La Noy and Thomas Tull served as executive producers.
1081	Bennett told reporters after Barriss was charged in January in Kansas that there was no other situation quite like it to reference, acknowledging the "sort of novelty" of the case.
1082	Ben says that the day Constance died is when he first met his son.
1083	BENTON CITY, Washington — A cougar was spotted this morning on I-82 at about 6:40 a.m.
1084	Be of equal caliber to the partner of your dreams and you’ll impress the right candidates for the position of lifelong partner.
1085	Bermuda’s entrepreneurial energy and outdoors appeal is highlighted in the fifth edition of Moon Bermuda, published by Avalon Travel, of Berkeley, CA.
1086	Berrey said she isn't going to do much.
1087	Berto figures out that Allison was at her lawyer’s office when she took the video, he heads there with Monica and the secretary tells them that her appointment was on May 3rd, the day she went missing.
1088	Besides being lighter it’s also smaller than the Apple Watch.
1089	Besides infiltration in Zimbabwe politics is a reality, with many cases of Zanu pf personnel in opposition parties having been reported over the years.
1090	Besides, Marx thought true communism would develop only under certain conditions.
1091	Besides, the Federal Government will continue to be burdened by labour union for increment in wages across all sector of the economy,” he stated.
1092	Best friends till the end”.
1093	Best Princess CelestiaGood, get the racist, sexist mofo out of here.
1094	Be the first to commenton "Roberta Jacqueline “Jackie” Berger"
1095	Bethesda Game Studios has spent the last day teasing something Fallout-related, and we now know the project is a remastered game from the past.
1096	Better yet, just stop watching football and go do something else with your lives if you are so damn agitated.
1097	Betts took over at second base in the top of the second inning and the ball immediately found him.
1098	Between 2010 and 2014, Scotiabank donated to the Ontario Liberal Party.
1099	Between the beginning of January and the end of May 2018, the Canada Border Services Agency and Immigration and Refugees and Citizenship Canada have processed more than 20,000 asylum claimants, according to federal data.
1100	Bewitched is often claimed as an early favorite of gay men, who cite Samantha’s having to hide her “secret” as a metaphor for their own burgeoning sexuality.
1101	Beyond those, we have a political route that we are going to pursue in the context of peace and the Constitution.
1102	Bhaiaji Superhit box office collection Day 4: Will Sunny Deol’s film survive the weekday test?
1103	Bharadwaj said he has also submitted a notice for short discussion on the issue tomorrow.
1104	Bias itself is an experiential tendency.
1105	BidaskClub lowered Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 3rd.
1106	Big Brother 20 still hasn’t made it to the first live eviction, but there have already been two shocking incidents which left viewers so upset that CBS had no choice but to issue a statement.
1107	Big Event Ghana, the organisers of the annual radio and television personality (RTP) Awards has announced the nominees for the 2018 edition.
1108	Big John and Ramblin’ Ray cover Sacha Baron Cohen’s newest episode of ‘Who Is America?” where he pranks Pro-Gun Advocate Daniel Roberts into biting on a dildo.
1109	Big Money Questions: What is an Isa and how do you pick one?
1110	Big Rapids tallied 303 points this season, the fourth-highest point total in school history.
1111	Big Sioux may drop below flood stage!
1112	“Billable services include contract subscriptions, bundle services, and out-of-bundle rates for voice, data, and SMS services,” said Vodacom.
1113	Bill remained in the Air Force for 8 years, reaching the rank of Technical Sargent and working in the famous Cheyanne Mountain facility in Colorado.
1114	Birzer Funeral Home, Lyons, was in charge of arrangements.
1115	Bishop Donald Kettler of the Diocese of Saint Cloud has added an additional name to the list of clergy likely to have abused minors.
1116	Bitcoin is used for dark web transactions.
1117	Biti called on ZEC to announce the results and avoid putting the country in chaos.
1118	Biti skipped the border to Zambia on Wednesday, but the Edgar Lungu-administration denied him asylum and handed him back to Harare yesterday morning, despite a court order barring his deportation.
1119	BITS of plastic have been detected in the faeces of people in Europe, Russia and Japan, according to research claiming to show for the first time the widespread presence of plastics in the human food chain.
1120	Biya has ruled virtually by decree since taking over from a retired predecessor in 1982 and then winning an election by 99.98 per cent a year later.
1121	Bjork agreed with Gilkes’ first tier, but chose not to specify which candidate would pose the strongest challenge to Walker.
1122	BJP’s national General Secretary Ram Madhav and state president Biplab Kumar Deb also addressed the rallies.
1123	Blackberry, who was the leader in smartphones was like Motorola.
1124	Black kicked Gargano and blamed him for Ciampa winning the title.
1125	BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,784,017 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $85,481,000 after purchasing an additional 413,118 shares in the last quarter.
1126	Blanchette’s intent is to have his group travel to High Prairie to play against their youth teams.
1127	Blimey, and there's break as Anderson nets.
1128	Blockbuster season is here, meaning most of us are running…
1129	“Blood I Bled” is one of the very few songs written by the youngest Stave sister, and exhibits a youthful angst that is dissonant from the following track, “Steady.”
1130	Blythe Hayes, with her daughter Erin Hayes, 3, and her husband Sean Hayes, eat at Bubba's Seafood Restaurant even though water flooded the deck.
1131	BN TV: Hosts of Accelerate TV's "Shade Corner" discuss 'Plastic Surgery & Body Cutting' in this New Episode - BellaNaijaNigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7.
1132	Board President Curtis Rippee said the district needs to find a way for football and soccer teams to play this year.
1133	Boasting 14 tracks, the star-studded project includes appearances from Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Baby, Jacquees, Gunna, Tracy T, and more.
1134	“Bob” sounds like one of those guys that still refuses to drive an automatic transmission.
1135	Boca Juniors opened the scoring in the 34th minute, taking the ball on a counterattack and pressing quickly up the pitch.
1136	BOC secretary general Abdulrahman Askar signed the agreement with Mahmood Fakhro of Dartfish at a ceremony in Seef.
1137	Boeheim later described Battle as a “monster” in the second half.
1138	Bolsonaro’s supporters in recent weeks have threatened to harm Supreme Court justices and have physically attacked journalists and opposition voters.
1139	Bolton also broached the idea of oil and gas exploration in the South China Sea, though he did not mention with which claimant states America might aim to prospect with.
1140	Bombero said she isn’t sure how many of the 10,000 have been planted, but a new one might be coming to Maltby as a result of the tour.
1141	Bonni Suckling from Rainbows and Smiles, Chantelle Castanho from West Pack Lifestyle, winner Johnathan Dadswell, Ricky Castanho from West Pack Lifestyle and Nadia Lewis from Rainbow and Smiles.
1142	Book clinic: which books can help with my daughter’s low self-esteem?
1143	Boon says, it was put in place due to a large number of accidents on the highways, and since it’s inception, those have decreased.
1144	Born in a small town in Tasmania, where homosexuality was a crime until 1997, Gadsby describes her sense of humor as inseparable from her identity.
1145	Born in Beshasha, Jimma Zone, in the aftermath of the 1974 revolution, his name was Abiyot, “revolution”, now using his nickname Abiy, according to the Reporter.
1146	Born in Glicério in São Paulo in 1955 to parents of Italian descent, he served in the army from 1971 until 1988, when he was elected as a city councillor in Rio de Janeiro for the Christian Democratic party.
1147	Born on August 10, 1957 in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, she was the daughter of the late Roberta Weiser.
1148	Born to a poor peasant Jugno Kolhi in February 1979, Kolhi and her family members spent nearly three years in a private jail owned by the landlord of Kunri of Umerkot district.
1149	Boshehri said the total bonuses of KD 10 million will be paid to around 80 percent of the ministry’s employees (ie over 17,000 out of the ministry’s 22,000 employees).
1150	BOSTON (CBS) – If you see Izzy Putnam or Addie Moulton from Andover, you will spot the other one, even in the hospital.
1151	BOSTON (CBS) – Winning the Boston Marathon is one of the greatest individual athletic achievements in all of sports.
1152	Boston Celtics forward Jaylen Brown had to spend a year at California before going pro in the NBA Draft, but he has an argument for why that should have been unnecessary.
1153	Boston did not allow the Jazz to score over the final 2:25 and ended the game on a 9-0 run.
1154	Both also comfortably passed my personal test.
1155	Both as equally stupid.
1156	Botha's Hill residents are not happy that Kearsney College is felling trees in Chapel Avenue, as they say this will ruin the beauty of the street.
1157	Both Dipa and Rakesh have been included in the 10-member Indian gymnastics team for the upcoming Asian Games.
1158	Both Evans and Gorton would eventually become U.S. Senators.
1159	Both goalkeepers also retrieved three groundballs.
1160	Both guys know what we’re going to do,” the coach said, “I hope everybody can appreciate it doesn’t do us any good to tell our opponents what we’re going to do.
1161	Both Hopkins and the department’s chief deputy fired at the driver.
1162	“Both of these strings have to be complementary and well harmonized.
1163	Both of those races were previously scheduled for this year.
1164	Both Piper and David have the type of voices that could cut steel, and together they made their own symphony with grunts and screams.
1165	Both products include 5,000mAh battery packs (larger, even, than the Switch’s built-in battery).
1166	Both Russia and the US are rebuilding their nuclear arsenals, and links between our militaries are almost non-existent even as our planes circle each other over Syria and Iraq.
1167	Both sides are already doing better than the UK at Eurovision.
1168	Both states earn high marks for their robust tech workforce, fast internet speeds, openness to new business models, high number of STEM graduates, and strong job and small business growth.
1169	Both, Stone said, helped rationalize the decision to cut the neighborhood in two with I-94.
1170	Both the city and county of Los Angeles, for example, are testing programs to help people build back houses on their properties if they agree to rent the units to formerly homeless individuals.
1171	Both the original-flavored and everything-flavored pretzels are vegan, as are the marinara, mustard and peanut butter dipping sauces.
1172	Both two-putt to halve another hole and Mickelson remains 1UP.
1173	Both workers stressed the importance of the recordings being used safely.
1174	Bottled water only.
1175	Box tells us the plane was functioning and was able to make its next flight back to Sea-Tac from Walla Walla.
1176	Boyd has seen twenty-one targets in three games and has a connection with Dalton when he runs routes out of the slot.
1177	Boys and girls at play in an outdoor toy kitchen at the preschool.
1178	Brad says having really good equipment at the Arena and many years of courses in refrigeration under his belt makes ice-making a lot easier.
1179	Brady and Henderson aim to convince viewers that red is not just a color, but a characteristic of visual perception that conveys emotion and definition.
1180	Brady said during the second quarter that this game was a really good fast-paced, high intensity game.
1181	Brain bleach, please, make it a double.
1182	• Branches of the Vine will meet at 9.30am at 531 21st Street, Withok.
1183	Brandon Matthews uses his psychology background to his advantage playing golf.
1184	Brasch also has 517 rushing yards, and is the only Knight with more than 300.
1185	Braun scoops Elias and hits the running powerslam for another pop.
1186	‘Braunshweig’ literally means ‘brown silence’.
1187	Brayden Lester followed with a walk and, after a wild pitch moved runners to second and third, two more wild pitches allowed both Lester and Catton to score, making it 8-3.
1188	Brazil is now the world’s second largest soybean exporter.
1189	Brazil’s state bank BNDES forecasts it’ll be closer to 3 per cent, and maybe even more.
1190	BREAKING: Jacksonville Sheriff's Office: One suspect is dead at scene after fatal mass shooting at riverfront mall.
1191	BREAKING: Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach's lead in GOP governor primary cut in half after vote mistake discovered.
1192	Brennan and Clapper think the law doesn’t apply to them.
1193	Brianna Gastineau, health care specialist with the 4th Brigade Support Battalion, 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 4th Inf.
1194	Brick roux is blonde roux cooked with tomato paste.
1195	Bring your kids for a chance to dance beneath the virtual heavens.
1196	Britain and Mrs May cannot compete with that.
1197	“Britain without Europe will lose weight and influence.
1198	British Airways data breach: Monzo's quick response — QuartzThese are the core obsessions that drive our newsroom—defining topics of seismic importance to the global economy.
1199	British and Canadian authorities are warning their nationals visiting Jamaica’s Montego Bay to limit their movements following a state of emergency over violence and shootings in the tourist hotspot.
1200	Britney's 40 and I'm not even 30.
1201	Broadnax made not one peep.
1202	Brokering and sustaining peace in the Niger Delta has also been crucial to stabilising the polity.
1203	Brooklyn Federal Judge Margo Brodie rejected the prosecutors’ recommendation that Mumuni be sentenced to 80 years, saying he wasn’t a ringleader and didn’t recruit others to ISIS.
1204	Brought to life by actress Bonnie Aarons, The Nun is a seriously creepy horror movie villain.
1205	Brouillard, in a 2016 interview with a Pacific Daily News reporter, stated "it's possible" he sexually abused boys while serving on Guam.
1206	Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. increased its stake in shares of FedEx by 290.2% in the 3rd quarter.
1207	Browning already owns the Francis Marion single-game (41), single-season (635), and career scoring records (2,254).
1208	Brown's clowns are equal measures of horrific and humorous, subtly sporting swastikas on their cuffs and neckties.
1209	Broza and Aaron Gold celebrate April 29 at Red Bull headquarters in Santa Monica, where the WSL Big Wave Awards were held.
1210	Bruce Sexauer of the Army Corps of Engineers says marine traffic continues to build off Alaska's northwest coast and the agency will investigate whether that justifies federal spending on Nome port improvements.
1211	Bruce was a former employee of N.A.P.A. of Norwalk, Ohio, and was a former Norwalk City School crossing guard.
1212	Bruno Le Maire is a German-speaking centre-right politician whose expertise on Europe and staunch defence of the Franco-German relationship made him Macron’s main negotiator with the German government over his ambitious euro zone reform plans.
1213	Brutal honesty seems to be the MO in Witherspoon's marriage as well.
1214	Bruzzese was arrested Tuesday morning in Cambridge and is expected to be arraigned in Suffolk Superior Court.
1215	Bryan County has felt the pinch when it comes to county health positions and services.
1216	Bryant got the run back in the top of the sixth when Duncan singled with one away, took second on a passed ball and third on an errant throw before scoring on a passed ball.
1217	BSFA officials attribute these successes to their participation in legislative and regulatory forums from the North Pacific Fishery Management Council to the International Pacific Halibut Commission.
1218	Bucio vanished in the river near 26th and Ashland around 8 p.m. He was pronounced dead after being pulled out several minutes later.
1219	Budget carrier GoAir on Monday announced special discounted fares as low as Rs 1,299 inclusive of all taxes for a one-way journey across its network under a limited period scheme.
1220	Buhari should lock him up.
1221	Building bike with.
1222	BULAWAYO magistrate, Adelaide Mbeure was Thursday called to reprimand some Mthwakazi Republic Party (MRP) officials and their supporters who turned up in court dressed in their traditional headgear.
1223	Burial will follow in the Roadside Cemetery in Dillon.
1224	Burkhead would figure to be most missed in the ground game.
1225	Busch soon had to fend off a three-wide challenge for the lead from Keselowski and that guy again, Harvick.
1226	Busch then claims James stole the “essence” of “The Man Who Can’t Be Moved” for “Say You Won’t Let Go.”
1227	Business and politics first.
1228	BusinessDay gathered that similar petition initiated by coalition of Civil Society Organisation, is before Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
1229	Businesses behind the cordons have suffered, too.
1230	Businesses must confront their biggest enterprise application challenge in the era of digital disruption – revamping their enterprise resource management (ERP) systems to keep up with the times.
1231	Businesses that don’t want to grapple with turnover — and fight competitors for candidates — would do well to instill pride sooner than later.
1232	But a blue-liner’s primary job is to still stop the other guys from scoring.
1233	But according to Sungai Tiang assemblyman Datuk Suraya Yaakob, it is all happening on social media this time around.
1234	But advocates insist it’s worth it to stop the disease from spreading.
1235	But alas, here we are.
1236	But, all his life, he was haunted by his cousin sister, shot in Belsen.
1237	But an informal poll of some of the largest gold companies in Canada and the U.S. did not apparently reveal strong interest in spending scarce exploration funds on an area that Noront has already staked, and expects to maintain an interest in.
1238	But as 2018 begins, there is far too much Auld Lang Syne in the Cincinnati air for comfort.
1239	But as demands go up, the number of vehicles also go start increasing is my point.
1240	But as I do so often, I digress, this time deliberately.
1241	But a source close to Mr Johnson said people should 'not fall into the trap of shutting down debate on difficult issues'.
1242	But at least for now, it’s moving into an information-gathering phase that could involve key disclosures — and put both Trump and Zervos under questioning by each other’s lawyers.
1243	But at the point when we spoke, where were you at in the book process?
1244	“But at the same time, like with all of them, you know like big guys, top players, top men, class.”
1245	But August for the most part isn’t a real holiday month.
1246	But Austin Rep. Celia Israel, a Democrat, said many of her colleagues in the Legislature oppose passing laws that would draw more people to the polls.
1247	But because Malaysia’s debts are RM1 trillion instead of RM687 billion, the government cannot afford to do that now.
1248	But Beijing’s online controls have tightened in recent years, sometimes ensnaring even domestically run social media outlets.
1249	But bump stocks have been used to kill many people at once.
1250	But cannabis possession on campus by valid cardholders can no longer be called a state crime.
1251	But Chevy Bolt EV deliveries fell 23% while Volt plug-in hybrid purchases crumbled 19%.
1252	But dark circles are a problem, because it looks like instead of being impossibly happy throughout my life, I look more like a ghoul who came from the graveyard!”
1253	But delays can also occur when White House ethics officials don’t force staffers to comply or because OGE is behind on paperwork.”
1254	But don’t, Mr. or Ms. lout-oaf coward, sneak around sending unsigned notes to someone who has the courage to voice their opinion.
1255	But do you know eating less can be one major reason for weight gain?
1256	But even before the test was applied, there was the matter of how he came up with his “shortlist”, when he excluded the man acting in the position and the one with the most seniority in the top ranks – David Ramnarine.
1257	But even though they’re privately confident they have the upper hand, Democrats don’t know for sure how it would play.
1258	But Facebook says these inauthentic networks now focus on exaggerating political content.
1259	But first, the Marvel Studios megahit needs to complete its global box office stampede.
1260	But for Cynthia Fleming, SLAC executive artistic director, one of the most interesting parts of the show comes in the setup: Each character is being interviewed, and the audience is the interviewer.
1261	But for those who know how to play, invite some friends and challenge them.
1262	But fuck that racist, withholding c**t of an asshole.
1263	But had to laugh at the suggestion that privatising electricity generation has proven to be such a winner.
1264	But he also knows better than thinking much further ahead than his tough, unbeaten opponent.
1265	But here’s the thing: extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof, and extraordinary proof rarely fits into one slide.
1266	“But,” he said, “make sure you tell them I don’t give a damn” — that’s paraphrasing slightly — “one way or another.”
1267	But he’s been getting better.”
1268	But he still finds the fact Trump Jr. has received a warmer reception than Trudeau remarkable, especially in light of developments that have taken place in the U.S. since the senior Trump took office.
1269	But he still has a whopping $2.8bn to his name - the lowers since Bloomberg began tracking his wealth in 2015.
1270	But he thinks things will get better, soon, like a renegotiated contract, or a second contract with a new company.
1271	But he was downtown for a meeting.
1272	But he would be arraigned in court and I am sure the security agency will bring out any evidence they have against him.
1273	But his social media presence was somewhat different.
1274	But, how much are they saving on this exercise?
1275	But I’d do all it again for this country.”
1276	But I don’t see the US stopping its fight against terrorism.
1277	But if everything works out, putting Gordon on the field alongside Jarvis Landry – and possibly Dez Bryant if the Browns can get a deal done – quarterback Tyrod Taylor will have a nice handful of weapons to throw to.
1278	But if the major platforms continue to try to serve as full-blown news distributors without accepting the full responsibilities of publishers, Congress should intervene to preserve information diversity and accountability in our marketplace of ideas.
1279	But if we dispose of safety entirely, we remove the very ability or willingness for people to express themselves.
1280	“But if you take into account the size of the country’s economy, its informal economy and the generous tax credits issued to businesses in the country, it is significant.”
1281	“But I have a feeling this one may also stand the test of time, so I advise today’s pilots to look at their grandchildren because they may be flying it too.”
1282	“But I just felt it was time.
1283	“But I’m telling everyone up front that I’m excited.”
1284	But in a swift response, the main opposition party has vowed that no amount of threats or smear campaign would make it buckle on its resolve to contend with the APC and dismantle its rigging machinery in all future elections.
1285	But in Europe and USA, they are called the same name tunnel boring machine.
1286	But in fact there is no evidence to suggest that made-up stories from fake news sites have had any significant impact.
1287	But in life there are times where one needs to temporarily abandon your convictions for the greater good.
1288	But instead Bergevin whines about how hard it is to get a good centre.
1289	But in the Bob Kane and Bill Finger years, when Batman was first introduced in 1939, Batman’s gloves were not only short, they merely extended to his wrist, but they were purple and unadorned.
1290	But I still do deeply believe in Christianity.
1291	But Italy would jeopardise the payments it receives, which totalled €10bn in 2017 and almost €12bn in 2016, if it makes good on its threat.
1292	But I think a Democratic House would feel as if they had to.
1293	But I think it’s basically still the one shot — it may be in two waves or something, but I don’t think there’s an ongoing response to this.”
1294	But I think what we had to say fell on deaf ears.
1295	“But I thought we were still going to win the game.”
1296	But it is understood to be set on making a quick appointment and is in the process of interviewing candidates.
1297	But it seems like that’s where the censorship is going to come in from now on.
1298	But it sent shivers down the spines of those contemplating Italy’s public debt—running at —and threatened the stability of the eurozone.
1299	"But it's important for states to take action to overcome confusion among families," she added.
1300	But it's not simply a case of the test being tougher and requiring more time.
1301	But, it turns out, that’s a good thing.
1302	But it was hard to feel too sorry for Mourinho given the expensive stars he still had at his disposal.
1303	But it was his final remark that day that embodies who he was as a person.
1304	“But it was very sad when we heard about it and certainly he’s also very sad now.
1305	But I’ve also been using alternative medicine for nearly 50 years.
1306	"But I was mentored by older ravers who helped me understand way more than what I understood on my own.
1307	But I will talk to them and try to work out something,” he said.
1308	But just over a mile from the DMZ, life is peaceful for residents of Tongil Chon, South Korea.
1309	But just over a year after West Bridgewater banned cigar wrappers, Massachusetts voters decided to allow certain people to buy and possess cannabis for theraputic use.
1310	“But let me be clear: the best social program is a job, for those who can get one,” she said.
1311	But like the saying goes 'if wishes were horses' - The Blues suffered an embarrassing defeat while the Reds enjoyed a massive victory.
1312	But LSI is still worth your attention because it does a great job of tapping neglected markets: occupancy ticked up 70 basis points in the fourth quarter from a year ago, to 91.6%; revenue gained 3.4%; and adjusted FFO edged up 2.3%.
1313	But manager A.J. Hinch said he’s improving and could begin a rehabilitation assignment soon.
1314	But Miller says the leak is smaller than one that occurred in 2014.
1315	But Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general, Jim Hood, said that he believes the bill will be tough to defend in courts: “We know that bans below 20 weeks have been struck down.
1316	But Morneau told a gathering in New York today he had no insight into when that might happen.
1317	But Mr. Jackson said the central bank must not manage the crisis in secret but inform citizens through ratings and regular updates on the state of the various financial institutions.
1318	But much of this has revolved around the batsman many believe he can become; one who certainly should be averaging more than 39 in Test cricket and making centuries after the first innings of a match, which has not been the case to date.
1319	But nobody dares to speak or to define things.
1320	But none of you did that and for that, all of you need to be recognized for the very thoughtful deed you have done for this family.
1321	But not with this," he told Bild.
1322	But now the future of Hamilton House is even more uncertain with the dismissal of C&C’s appeal to turn part of the building into flats.
1323	But one character is notably absent: Erlich Bachman.
1324	But one thing always bothered me.
1325	But on the other side of the fence, a hastily organized group of protesters held signs and asked motorists to honk in support as they kept up their fight to stop the work.
1326	But on Thursday he signaled that he wouldn’t insist on that being included in the current legislation.
1327	“But open bowl is still really decent.”
1328	But others were unimpressed with the “awkward” prank with one writing: “I’m extremely embarrassed on Andy’s behalf.”
1329	But Patrick admitted Thursday putting together deals to run the pair of signature races is proving more difficult than expected.
1330	But probably needs to remember how he acted in Philly before thinking anybody there misses him or cares about what he has to say.
1331	But prosecutors are still able to pursue this kind of a charge, and sometimes will do so.
1332	But relatives of al-Batsh believe Israel targeted him.
1333	But Russia and Ukraine are expected to run out of surplus supplies by the end of the year due to a fall in output and strong demand for exports, forcing buyers are seek shipments from alternative origins, traders and analysts said.
1334	“But sending power a long distance is still proving to be a hurdle.
1335	But several of the president’s policy positions, like urtailing crop insurance, have run counter to agricultural interests — and perhaps none more than trade.
1336	But ’s genesis offers a glimpse of what aspiring writers and directors can do in a day when nobody who makes movies happen wants to read a damn thing, but everyone loves watching YouTube.
1337	But she didn’t attempt the blackmail until the campaign, right?
1338	But she fights back well, finding her groove.
1339	But she released a statement Sunday, downplaying the prospect.
1340	But, she says, “you should ask permission before touching.”
1341	But she stopped speaking publicly more than two years ago.
1342	But some experts say the scholarship alone won’t be enough to help traditionally underrepresented students gain access to a university whose total cost of attendance will be north of $70,000 in 2018.
1343	But somewhere in the midst of all that emotional turmoil came greater understanding of how our political system works, or more accurately, doesn’t work…at least not for the majority of the people it’s supposed to serve.
1344	But surgically removes almost all of the charm of Beatrix Potter’s classic character and repurposes him into a rebel leading his siblings to raid Mr. McGregor’s garden.
1345	But that is coming to an end.
1346	But, that isn’t the end of the disruption.
1347	"But that provides 100,000 jobs for our community," added Harrington.
1348	But that's Ozzy Osbourne, fearsome frontman and wailing banshee whose stint at the helm of Black Sabbath made him an icon of heavy metal mania.
1349	But that wasn’t the end of the Fentress case.
1350	But that would change with the killings of Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens.
1351	But the account numbers are slightly different, and the transfer of what might be tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars ends up in a different account controlled by the criminal.
1352	But the Celtics were ready to throw the first punch on Sunday and Cleveland wasn’t able to react or retaliate.
1353	But the decision has come under scrutiny after the US announced the same day that the four Russians were among seven people it had indicted over a global hacking conspiracy.
1354	But the espresso, which closes out lunch, helps to wipe the palette clean.
1355	But the European Network of Scientists for Social and Environmental Responsibility rejected this view, saying CRISPR's claimed benefits are "scientifically unjustified".
1356	But the Heat had just enough at the end, and now can finally think about the postseason.
1357	But the Home Secretary-headed panel has failed to meet even this deadline, sources said while disclosing that no report has so far been submitted to the Government.
1358	But their Viking mentality means Iceland will fear no-one, and hundreds of fans dressed in blue filled the stands of the Zaryadye Park in Moscow, clapping their hands over their heads in a crescendo ending in a frenzy of chanting.
1359	But the jury is still out on Trump’s new line of defense.
1360	But the kids with weight problems didn't miraculously slim down.
1361	But the market is now showing clear signs of maturing," said company CEO Roy Brown.
1362	But the members of the Westfield Country Club were much too astute to be deceived by the names upon the cards or the disguises worn by the performers.
1363	But the new report, from the state’s Fiscal Crisis and Management Assistance Team, challenges that narrative.
1364	But then how could we be the biggest bully in the world without our glorious gold plated military?
1365	But then it returned.
1366	But then she can spin on a dime and convey that steely Poppins nerve, that sense that in a crisis, she knows exactly what must be done, and everybody else had better stand aside.
1367	But then the suspect lunged toward Von Sagmeister and hit her in the face, she said.
1368	But then Todd offered to hold Alexander, while Rudeen was trying to calm Caroline as they got into their seats.
1369	But then we had the opportunity to test each and every spec out.
1370	But the Opera House fiasco highlights the shortcomings of the legislative framework itself.
1371	But the political symbolism of the moment will make it matter very much.
1372	But the problems are far broader and more profound.
1373	But there are paddle shifters.
1374	But there are some things the life-long democrat let her decide for herself.
1375	But there comes a time in every adult’s life when we must consider tossing the old bread stuffing for something that better resembles food and not wood chips.
1376	But there could be a chance to see their new signing, Fahad Al-Muwallad, after he completed his move to the Frogs on a six-month loan deal from Saudi outfit Al-Ittihad.
1377	But there is a remnant of faithful and true believers and God has called us to be salt and light.
1378	But there is more pressure on Pep Guardiola and his players to win the game.
1379	But there’s also life lessons, and by that, I mean maybe some discussion about how to how to manage your time, how to think about your goals.
1380	But there’s always a fascination with what goes on behind the sunny smiles and exaggerated dance moves of children’s TV and – despite the denial of scandal on all sides – Rod’s eyes remind me of a sad bear who’s lost its owner.
1381	But there’s not a lot of control that she can have over something that’s coming that’s this massive.
1382	But there was no indication that Abedin “had a sense that what she was doing was in violation of the law,” Comey added, and investigators couldn’t prove any sort of criminal intent.
1383	But the second the door closes behind them, Dre and Bow visibly wilt.
1384	But the situation post-election is another story.
1385	But the Supreme Court has already said otherwise years ago.
1386	But the they found their groove in the third, outscoring the Raiders 21-11 to take a 33-31 lead and stayed out front the remainder of the game.
1387	But the vast majority of people still go for one of the top five most popular breeds, such as the French Bulldog.
1388	But the vast majority of them were healthy scratches, signaling the Patriots simply believed Lewis, Burkhead and White gave them a better chance to win.
1389	But the vertical ascent is not over.
1390	But they are in a minority among economists.
1391	But they are taking advantage of knowledge of the terrain to move in between our troops’ deployment,’
1392	But they have not qualified for the tournament since 2004 in Athens.
1393	But they never say “so” first.
1394	But this also got him into trouble: 1972, he wrecked his lime green Lamborghini Miura on the West Side Highway at 125th Street, totaling the car and breaking both his ankles.
1395	But this cannot be an excuse for not dealing with the evolving threat in the South.
1396	But this conclusion would be overly optimistic for several reasons.
1397	But this is no argument, is it?
1398	But this is plain nonsense.
1399	But, this is the type of stuff that President Trump is made of.
1400	But this situation is not to the benefit of the country.
1401	But this time, upon making the trip to Chichijima from Seattle, where he lives with his wife and son, Yokota said he realized it was time to say farewell.
1402	But Thistle wouldn't be arraigned for another month.
1403	But this week, the journal some remarkable maps that help fill that gap.
1404	But those familiar with the past might demur.
1405	But to actually propel the two – North Korea-US, and inter-Korean – dialog processes forward, much now depends upon the summit expected between Kim and Trump, at a location as yet undecided, next year.
1406	But to decide what users find trustworthy, Facebook turned to its users, asking whether they are familiar with and trust various sources of news.
1407	But to have a free society we must uphold the right for any safe, sane and law abiding citizen to responsibly purchase, carry and keep any firearm he or she chooses.
1408	But traffic continues to remain an issue for neighbors of the church and school, which have operated on Hearst Drive for 66 years.
1409	“But Trump seems intent on pressing forward and we’re going to continue to watch and challenge them at every turn to protect people’s voting rights.”
1410	But Tumblr’s heart always felt like it was in the right place, and a large part of that was due to the open, expressive, and inclusive approach to a spectrum of sexualities permitted in the user-submitted content.
1411	But under the sense of humor was something deeper, Roberts said.
1412	But we believe he communicated with his son via cell phone,” Örnek said.
1413	But, we didn't trust each other.
1414	But we have heron (long legged swamp bird) preserves.
1415	But we need information if we are to monitor trends,” he said.
1416	But we think we can help improve safety and employee relations — and do it for all the right reasons."
1417	But we want them to learn.”
1418	But what if you’re like me and a physical keyboard newbie?
1419	But what lies farther upwind of I-80?
1420	But what was most noticeable were all the things that the dress was not.
1421	But when it comes to choosing the best college, prospective students and their parents don't always see eye to eye.
1422	But when I turned up, it felt like walking into the dentist’s waiting room.
1423	"But when the crowds saw it, they were amazed and glorified God who had given such authority to men" (Matt. 9:8).
1424	But when we encouraged people to use other payment methods, we were told it’s a cultural thing.
1425	But will he be correct again this season as well?
1426	But William Gale, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that the tax cuts are unlikely to generate a long-term bump in economic growth.
1427	But with all the security measures on ground, crime seem to be on increase in the country, why is it so?
1428	But with Nigeria pulling out, questions are being raised over just how achievable it really is.
1429	But with Paikin we had tumbled into a treacherous riptide: the possibility an accuser was lying.
1430	But Zarqawi responded that if women’s participation shamed more men into joining the fight, then the move was justifiable.
1431	“Buyers of art, at auctions, should insist that the auction house indemnify them in the event that a claim is ever made in the future.
1432	By 2020, city officials hope to also launch a cyber simulator with both physical and online space where entrepreneurs and product developers can enhance security tools by performing tests and forensic investigations, among other things.
1433	By a mistake or by design?
1434	By bringing issues like these to a national audience, school leaders hope it will push parents and other family members to be more engaged with their teens.
1435	By comparison, the median-priced home in Alamo Square costs $1.22 million.
1436	By completing specific actions, players have a chance of earning a catalyst for an exotic weapon, which turns it into a masterwork.
1437	By contrast, he said, deciding what news stories should go in “trending” requires broad thinking, quick judgments about context and decisions about whether someone is trying to game the system.
1438	By embracing God’s sovereignty, by recognizing that God works in different ways at different times, and by seeking to stay in step with God’s Spirit, then the Gospel can be presented in a way that works, he said.
1439	By halftime, he had sank 10 baskets from behind the arc, an NBA record for the most 3s in the opening half.
1440	By illuminating the air flow around the flying seeds with lasers, physicists were able to discern the unique mechanics of the pappas.
1441	By implementing these bill provisions, the services provided by forest ecosystems in Tongass National Park are put in direct danger.
1442	By January, more than six million in India people had signed up as blood donors, making it the largest online blood registry in the country.
1443	By “Madagascar 3,” I basically felt Skipper was my soulmate.
1444	By mutual assistance, other actions such as denuclearization may eventually become a reality.
1445	By poring over diaries and chronicles of emperors, aristocrats and monks, a professor at Osaka Prefecture University named Yasuyuki Aono assembled a data set of cherry blossom flowering dates, stretching back to A.D. 801.
1446	Byrne and co experienced a decent first year back in the top flight, finishing seventh, well clear of the relegation zone, in a 12-team league.
1447	By starting the bidding at 30 cents a gallon, the Metropolitan Mayors Caucus is giving Gov.-elect J.B. Pritzker some room to maneuver.
1448	By striking out his first eight batters, Marquez tied a post-1900 mark set by Houston’s Jim Deshaies on Sept. 23, 1986, and equaled by the New York Mets’ Jacob deGrom on Sept. 15, 2014.
1449	By the Bank's reading of the data, things are chugging along nicely: the July Monetary Policy Report highlighted a Canadian economy operating close to full capacity and GDP growing faster than potential.
1450	By The Canadian Press on January 8, 2018.
1451	By the end of 2025, it could touch a US$ 624.82 Bn valuation, improving from a US$ 394.44 Bn obtained in 2017.
1452	By the late 2000s, Direk Maryo became more in-demand as he worked on soaps like “Calla Lily” for ABS-CBN as well as “Gumapang Ka sa Lusak,” “Munting Heredera,” “Pahiram ng Sandali,” “Magkano ba ang Pag-Ibig?
1453	By the second day the pain had subsided and he went about his business.
1454	By the time Sherman and the Seahawks were in the Super Bowl against the Patriots a year later, he was a bona fide superstar.
1455	By using this mod, players can turn the rugged space captain and smuggler into Disney/Pixar’s own star commander, Buzz Lightyear.
1456	Caceres “taught us to defend the river, the land and the forest — we are not going to surrender,” said Lenca Paulina Gomez as she rallied marchers over a loudspeaker along the main street of La Esperanza.
1457	Cagayan de Oro CDRRMO monitoring specialist Cindy Sabanal said Basyang is expected to start dumping heavy rains by 2am Tuesday.
1458	Cailin Bloomer, Tanner Brown, Jordan Cooley, Jessica Lippert and Tayler Sharp worked the first shift of the food drive, and Reese Carr, Kelsie DiSanto, Hunter Donselaar, Steve Dunn and Noah Rattray worked the second shift.
1459	California, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Washington.
1460	Call for the death penalty: in this case, why not?
1461	Call me a cynic, but this feels like Chinese propaganda.
1462	Call this one “Triumph of the Shrill.”
1463	Cal Poly led off the bottom of the eighth with back-to-back singles off SDSU reliever Noah Fluman.
1464	Calvary Christian’s Feldman said she’s found herself pushing back against charges that she and the organizers are looking for an excuse to party, especially since “4/20” has become known as an annual marijuana holiday.
1465	Cambodia has been flooded by increasing Chinese aid and investment, which is funding construction and infrastructure projects across the country in addition to the establishment of a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) in Sihanoukville.
1466	Camila is angry Rocco is protecting Teresa.
1467	Campaigns for the governorship and state assembly are scheduled to commence on December 1, 2018.
1468	Campbell's new Fontibre collection for Osborne & Little is inspired by the travels of her great uncle, who was an accomplished watercolorist.
1469	Camps are organized in partnership with local and regional arts organizations.
1470	“Canada is very concerned about the current situation.
1471	Canada recently adopted a system, similar to mechanisms in other Group of Seven nations, that allows companies to defer prosecution in exchange for fines, remediation and cooperation.
1472	Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has reiterated his country’s “ongoing commitment” to supporting Caribbean countries in building economic and climate resilience.
1473	Canada takes wait-and-see approach on 'killer robots'
1474	Canadian and Mexican officials praised it.
1475	Canadian developers value company culture and opportunities for growth most when considering a new opportunity, and are most likely to be driven away from a job by a bad boss, according to a survey released today.
1476	Canadian grants for summer jobs: Catholics and traditional Christians need not apply?
1477	Canadian Special Olympics figure skater Katie Xu.
1478	Can a know-it-all have charisma?
1479	Candidates can apply through the official website, rrcecr.
1480	“Can I just say I haven’t been well for the past couple of weeks, which is why I’ve done no interviews…. but I will tell my side once I’m feeling better,” she wrote.
1481	Cannation (CNNC) traded flat against the dollar and now trades at $0.0052 or 0.00000125 BTC.
1482	“Can you guarantee me the next time this dog attacks, it won’t be a child?”
1483	Can you just give me the short version?
1484	Can you say Bill Clinton, purported rapist, admitted adulterer?
1485	Can you talk about the pressure on you and other women to dress and look a certain way?
1486	CAP Group confirmed the guard is one of their employees and Adam Steyl, spokesperson for the group, confirmed the incident.
1487	Captain forced to sail through that crap at gunpoint?
1488	Captain Tammie Jo Shults and her co-pilot, Darren Ellisor, spoke to ABC’s in their first interview since the emergency landing.
1489	Capturing a larger share of your business category’s revenue (or an increased number of nonprofit donors) during up cycles will enable your organization to better weather downturns before the next economic boom.
1490	Cara Davis, a senior at Southern Local, earned excellent ratings for her mezzo soprano vocal solo and her French horn instrumental solo.
1491	Cara Gilpin, assistant director of the study abroad program, has been helping students at UNCA since 2009.
1492	Cara lain yang lebih mudah, anda bisa meminta rekomedasi dari pemain judi poker online yang lebih senior dan berpengalaman.
1493	Carden gives unexpected gestures, like thumbs-ups, at surprising moments, Schur said, or giggles at times that he had not anticipated.
1494	Cardi B’s line with the brand sold out in about four hours.
1495	Care workers in Bath and North East Somerset (BNES) have concluded a programme of action that saw them strike for two hours every other day for most of June.
1496	Carey and Muret are 24-5 overall, which is UCLA’s best overall record on the team.
1497	Caris Levert scored with about a half-minute left in overtime to put Brooklyn up for good.
1498	Car is pulled out the river where it was washed by floods.
1499	Carlie Sealscott was second on the team with 14 kills, and she also added 19 digs.
1500	Carlos Salinas, the former president of Mexico, is also on hand, but we don't expect him to speak.
1501	Carmella decides that she’s going to get in the ring and raise the belt.
1502	Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC now owns 14,972 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,314,000 after purchasing an additional 2,021 shares during the last quarter.
1503	Carolina Marin, the champion player has said that she knows Sindhu very well and advises her to control her nerves while playing in the finals.
1504	Carol J. Coulter was mayor of the City of Crosslake March 4, 1981, for a land use problem to be investigated and solved.
1505	Carranza told reporters at an Oct. 2 that the arrests led to the discovery of a stash of stolen goods and a list of other celebrities the burglars planned to target.
1506	Carr needs some pieces around him.
1507	Carron is the former long-time owner of Carousel Flowers and was manager of the Emporium in Clare.
1508	Case in point: Doubting my math abilities, I am much more careful when completing any task involving numbers.
1509	Casey's decision was really the only one he could make from a public relations standpoint.
1510	Casey wants his players to win home-court advantage throughout the conference playoffs.
1511	Cash starts landing sale after sale, which means even when the telemarketers decide to unionize, led by Squeeze (), he gets promoted up the ladder to become a “power caller.”
1512	Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security.
1513	Catholic media practitioners to discuss its role in nation building at national.
1514	Catholic prelates are asking that their parishioners pray for him to get well instead of kicking him out of Malacañang.
1515	Catrice The Ultimate Chrome Collection Eyeshadow.
1516	Caucasian culture has become academia’s boogeyman du jour.
1517	‘Cause I’m like, ‘This, this counts?’
1518	Cavoukian has created a new global council called Global Privacy and Security by Design to promote and advocate for research into the next level of privacy protections.
1519	CBS2’s Alex Denis breaks down Google Frightgeist’s list of most popular costumes.
1520	“Celebrating the life and legacy of Martin Luther King with peers today makes me feel like I’ve done a small but significant part in keeping his momentous dream alive.”
1521	Cell phones didn’t exist.
1522	Censors are often present in newsrooms, and reporters and editors take close instructions from officials in the presidency.
1523	Central Park to host movies - By Andy Hallman, Ledger news editor - Fairfield, IA - Fairfield Ledger -
1524	Certainly, Ohio State’s ample struggles on defense contributed to this season’s feeling of malaise.
1525	Certainly Peter Parker’s the best example of that, but making sure we delivered on that was a focus, too.
1526	CGX Resources Inc, a Canadian oil and gas exploration company, holds three licences in the Guyana-Suriname Basin.
1527	Chaired by Attorney General Dr Lawrence Joseph, the 5-member board includes a representative from the Ministry of Social Development, the Police, the Youth and the Office of the Prime Minister.
1528	Chairman of Federation of Sectors Welfare Association of Chandigarh, Baljinder Singh Bittu, said, “How can they increase the rates when there is no facility?
1529	Challenging Celtic remains the ultimate target for McInnes but he accepts the sheer gulf in finances, with the Celts pocketing £28 million alone from Champions League involvement, makes that increasingly problematic.
1530	“challenging” exhibition has been installed in a Norfolk country estate to highlight the threats that books face including damp, beetles and Isil.
1531	Chamberlain Chapel of Chadron is in charge of arrangements.
1532	Champion last year, Clark, 23, who set the fastest qualifying time (52.26secs) ahead of yesterday’s final, will now face a wait to see if she will be one of Team GB’s three athletes in the women’s 400m at the Berlin European Championships next month.
1533	Chan also touched on bottom tier SMEs, who are the backbone of the e-commerce industry.
1534	Chancellor Doug Kristensen said Monday the cuts are necessary because the school faces a $3.4 million budget gap.
1535	Chandarana Foodplus blamed the blunder on new staff whose English was poor.
1536	Chanel’s designer Lagerfeld, 85, looked on poker faced, next to Lady Gaga.
1537	Changed direction of spin several times.
1538	Change the sex of one partner and there would be no discrimination.
1539	Chan Marshall’s pumice-stone voice slinks around chiming notes on piano or acoustic guitar, resulting in bluesy ruminations.
1540	Chapman continued to question monies to be spent for a new proposed police and fire facility design and other projects that should be going out for bids.
1541	ChappellRoberts’ Laura Ruden specializes in that.
1542	CHARLOTTE – The First Tee of Greater Charlotte is sending Grace Kehoe to compete during the 2018 PURE Insurance Championship on Sept. 24 to 30 in Pebble Beach, California.
1543	ChatCoin (CURRENCY:CHAT) traded down 16% against the U.S. dollar during the twenty-four hour period ending at 16:00 PM ET on December 6th.
1544	Chatham County Line is known for poignant songwriting and inventive acoustic arrangements that draw upon a broad array of American roots influences, highlighted by trademark three- and four-part harmonies.
1545	Chatterjee, who was associated with the Communist Party of India (Marxist), is currently an independent candidate.
1546	Check back at www.timesleader.com for details.
1547	CheckMark cyber security director Rudi Dicks told MyBroadband that even high-level executives can be targeted in attacks.
1548	Check out Duritz’s posts below.
1549	Check out songs 1-10 in Tuesday’s Eurovision Song Contest first semi final here.
1550	Check out these photos from the traditional wedding of Beverly and her husband Peter.
1551	Check their website out and support them by visiting frequently.
1552	Cheers to you and your immeasurable powers.
1553	Chef Noah Lessard will continue to run the Ruffino’s kitchen in Baton Rouge, while Chefs Estevon Evan and James Lewis will head the kitchen in Lafayette.
1554	Chef-owner Jim Christiansen, owner Mike Prickett and manager Dani Megears Spa told the magazine they plan to revamp the Heyday space and open two different restaurants.
1555	Chef Ryan Reed is taking part in the 7th annual Dish n’ Dazzle for the BC Hospital Foundation on May 10th.
1556	Chen does seem to sense an opening in the Chinese market.
1557	Chennai finished on 181-2 to crush their opponents by eight wickets.
1558	Chicago resident and Empire part-timer Tim Carpenter agrees.
1559	CHICAGO (Reuters) - Seasonal influenza is now widespread across the continental United States, causing severe illness and rising numbers of hospitalizations, but this year's outbreak may be peaking, government health officials said on Friday.
1560	Chief Bode George has described the endorsement of Babajide Sanwo-Olu by billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola, as shocking.
1561	“Chief Dow and Chief Frazier have each served the people of Albuquerque for two decades.
1562	Chief Igbinedion and his wife, Lady Sherry were at the scene and looked worried.
1563	Chief Justice John Roberts officially swore in Kavanaugh after the Senate’s 50-48 confirmation vote, which took place despite the interruptions of screaming protesters who had to be escorted from the gallery that oversees the Senate chamber.
1564	Chief of Army Staff (COAS) on Friday met Saudi Arabia’s ambassador to Pakistan who called on him at Rawalpindi GHQ.
1565	Chief State Fire Marshal Brian Taylor said all North Carolina fire departments were fully functional and that there are no coverage issues in Robeson County.
1566	“Children now take cough syrups to get high.
1567	“Children’s educational environments should not have to interact with gun violence, but it happens all too often,” Fliegler said.
1568	Chimps Hanging Out — Works by Eureka Springs artist Zeek Taylor, a recipient of the Arkansas Art’s Council’s Governor’s Arts Award for Lifetime Achievement, June 4-30, Boone County Library in Harrison.
1569	China claims 90 percent of the potentially energy-rich maritime territory, but Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also lay claim to parts of it, through which about $5 trillion of trade passes each year.
1570	China on Sunday criticized the United States' new nuclear weapons policy undermines progress.
1571	China's foreign policy can be expected to remain assertive as it grows increasingly ambitious under Xi Jinping.
1572	China slams Dalai Lama for ‘separatist activities’https://indianexpress.
1573	China's private debt levels come with an important caveat.
1574	China supports North Korea's commitment to denuclearization (Today) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has praised Pyongyang's efforts towards "denuclearization on the Korean peninsula."
1575	“China wants to talk very badly,” he said.
1576	China was just emerging from the Great Helmsman’s economic, political and cultural depredations and had embraced Deng Xiaoping proclamation that "to get rich is glorious".
1577	Chinese fans from Beijing to Binzhou, from Shanghai to Shanxi, from Tiananmen Square to the Terracotta Army will now be able to tune in to Mandarin based broadcasts of UK Basketball games distributed through the JMI Sports Network.
1578	Choose spots close to security cameras and lights, and avoid shortcuts and ambush points.
1579	Choudhary and the other two office bearers of the BCCI — acting president CK Khanna and treasurer Anirudh Chaudhry — had submitted undertakings to the court on January 30 last year, pledging their support to the implementation of the Lodha reforms.
1580	CHP also expects the southbound slow lane to be closed until 5:30 p.m. at the earliest for the investigation.
1581	Chris Crummey responds with a big, big point though.
1582	Chris Indelicato of Delicato Family Vineyards will lead the advocacy organization in 2018-19.
1583	Chris Madsen posted this photo of a Saint John Police Force officer handing a panhandler a Tim Hortons breakfast.
1584	Chris responded to the illegal actions of Hall Estill, Johnathan Rogers, John Patrick Cremin and The University of Tulsa.
1585	Chris Rock shouted last week, looking out over the crowd of 10,000 who had gathered in Tel Aviv’s Menorah Mivtachim Arena to watch the comedian’s first ever show in Israel.
1586	Christmas Day is also the best opportunity to indulge in a bit of royal Kremlinology—which individuals have become close, which ones have had a falling out, and what trends are emerging in the House of Windsor hierarchy.
1587	CHRISTMAS shoppers will be targeted by "authoritarian" facial recognition technology for the first time next week as police trial the controversial mass surveillance tool.
1588	Christopher Akerlind, a Tony Award-winning designer from Portland, designed the set and lighting.
1589	Christopher Engle, 41, was arrested by Harlan County Sheriff’s Deputy Bobby Jones Jr. on Wednesday.
1590	Christopher Nolan's 2006 masterwork The Prestige is perhaps the best on-screen representation of just how much the man himself loves to play with an audience.
1591	Chucky is back in Oakland, ending the worst-kept secret in the NFL, and the reunion is going to be a lucrative one for the Super Bowl-winning coach.
1592	Churchill put the stakes in stark terms.
1593	Churchville Lions Club donates its largest gift everChurchville Lions Club donated its largest gift ever to the.
1594	Cim LLC acquired a new stake in Medpace in the third quarter worth about $218,000.
1595	Citizen C: Okay, I get it that you do not like Trump, but he is not the President of Nigeria, El Salvador, Haiti or Nigeria.
1596	City council approved the agreement on Tuesday at a vote 4-3, which includes a five-year term with a five-year renewal, and a termination clause.
1597	City had a tough pre-season, where they won only one match out of three.
1598	City of Kamloops Finance Director Kathy Humprhey says the city pays 90% of RCMP costs meaning residents will have to pay the health payroll tax for the 130 members of the force.
1599	City of Princeton personnel have notified the appropriate local governmental officials and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) Regional Office of this event.
1600	City Pages, Mike Mullen writes, “As of the 2010 census, the town of Virginia, Minnesota (pop. 8,523) was almost 95 percent white.
1601	Claim No. 3: You’re so fortunate to have “settled down” and started a family at a young age; it’s so much better than wasting your time fooling around in college — wrong.
1602	Clara could really benefit from signing these 2….would be major upgrades to what they have on the roster.
1603	Classes for the new gaming school will begin on Monday, February 26. There is no formal education required to apply to the school and beginners are welcome.
1604	Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 380,930 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,964,000 after purchasing an additional 380,891 shares during the period.
1605	Cleveland's current three-year reign in the Central is the club's longest since winning five straight from 1995-99.
1606	Clever, waste-conscious, always useful … I’ve been following him ever since.
1607	Click here to see full T&Cs.
1608	Click the RT button to help everyone understand more, be encouraged to sport that purple and support the cause!
1609	Click to read the U.S. Court of Appeals decision in the case of Tyler Sanchez v. Mike Duffy, et al.
1610	Clockwise from top: Jose Saroli, and Jose assists Gladys in the bathroom.
1611	Close the door to protection for refugees before they even have a chance to explain.
1612	Club member Tebogo Motsoane says times are evolving and black people can play because although the sport is expensive, the school does assist to mitigate costs.
1613	Clusters of blue dots at the intersection with Spring Street will show pockets of water that lie underground.
1614	“CMED has initiated different programmes that offer different courses to graduate students and external people to cement skills practical application,” he said.
1615	C.) Nancy Pelosi – even as former CBC Chair Marcia Fudge (D-Ohio) weighs a possible run for the gavel.
1616	CNBC said the announcement of Trump’s decision could come as soon as Thursday.
1617	Coach Ron Faubion’s LadyStorm was 2-2 after Saturday’s round, but ran into tough opposition and more missed opportunities to drop three Sunday.
1618	Coastway Community Bank, the former credit union that became a publicly traded company four years ago, announced Wednesday evening that it has been sold to HarborOne Bancorp Inc. of Brockton, Massachusetts, for $125.6 million in cash.
1619	Cohen's daughter, Lori Greenberg, tells the Courier-Post of Cherry Hill her father didn't like talking about the attack with his family.
1620	Cole with his suplex to a neckbreaker to a shoulder breaker for a very close nearfall.
1621	Collaros was acquired from the Hamilton Tiger-Cats this off-season.
1622	College isn’t just about classes, it’s about making an atmosphere, making connections, making memories that you will look back at in 30 years from now and be like, ‘Wow, do you remember this night?’ and you’ll just laugh.
1623	College met the surprise package of St Henryâ€™s in the regional final, and thanks to an Emma Sharratt goal, College retained their title with a 1-0 victory against the host school.
1624	College of the Desert (COD) students are invited to attend a Business After Hours Mixer on Feb. 21, 2018 at the Cal State San Bernardino Palm Desert Campus (CSUSB).
1625	COLLEGE PARK, Md. (WJZ) — After an announcement Tuesday afternoon from the University System of Maryland Board of Regents, Jordan McNair’s parents were less than pleased.
1626	Colorado's Best Host Joana Canals tried it out and gives her glowing review.
1627	COLUMBIA, IL – A six to an eight-block area of downtown Columbia was evacuated Friday due to a gas leak.
1628	COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) – Kassius Robertson hit five 3-pointers and finished with 22 points and Kevin Puryear scored five of his 13 points after regulation to help Missouri beat Mississippi State 89-85 in overtime.
1629	Colwell, for instance, has been in the popular Maine rock band The Boneheads, for some 30 years.
1630	Come enjoy the Christmas lights.
1631	Come for the 130 beautiful pictures, stay for the inspiring quotes and speech highlights.
1632	Come Out With Pride announces 2017 themeJonny McGovern heads to the Parliament House to Werk Qween!
1633	Come to the Princess Tea and enjoy good food, entertainment, and games with your favorite Disney characters.
1634	Come Wednesday, Sugathakumari celebrates her birth star — Aswathi — that falls in the Malayalam month of Makarom.
1635	Coming into the game he had talked about his liking for the spectacle, for the panache of the goals that had flavoured recent victories.
1636	Commander of C Division (East Coast Demerara), Calvin Brutus, has since called for an investigation to be launched into the incident.
1637	Commenting about Federation, she said, “One person can make a difference, and an organization can make a mighty difference.”
1638	Commercial banks are encouraged to set up financial asset investment firms and wealth management companies in which there is no shareholding ceiling for foreign-funded investors.
1639	Commonly known as crystal meth, methamphetamine was popular in the 1990s before laws made it more difficult to access the pseudoephedrine, a common cold medicine, needed to produce it.
1640	Community banking and “being part of something bigger” are mantras the bank hold dearly.
1641	Community mourns with the bereaved family.
1642	Community to benefit from R56.6-million fire station.
1643	Commuters and the public are urged to report any criminal behaviour witnessed within railway operational areas to Metrorail’s protection services officials at stations and to their nearest police stations.
1644	Commuters are urged to check their routes before travelling.
1645	Companies that were able to sustain operations in Iran in the pre-2015 sanctions period include German consumer goods giant Henkel, the Swedish truckmaker Scania, and the Swiss pharmaceutical firm Novartis.
1646	Comparatively, 37.8% of shares of all “Federal savings institutions” companies are held by institutional investors.
1647	Compared to its coastal neighbors, Reardon said, Norwell weathered the storm quite well.
1648	“Compared to previous seasons, 2018-2019 prices look better for cotton than other crops,” he said “We expect acreage to remain high.”
1649	Competing against new players, you do not have to feel sorry about hitting as hard as you can and hopefully more on your level is the draw in a scrimmage for players.
1650	"Computing is changing.
1651	Concern over higher U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum eased somewhat when the Trump administration said some countries will be exempt.
1652	Concord Management and Consulting LLC, and Concord Catering were the Internet Research Agency's primary source of funding, the indictment says.
1653	Conditions vary across congressional districts, many of which still have pockets of poverty even a decade into America’s recovery from recession, and have industries that variably benefit or suffer from tax cuts, tariffs, and regulatory change.
1654	Conditions will feel even warmer with the increased humidity.
1655	Condolences and gifts of sympathy may be shared with the family by visiting toftfuneralhome.
1656	Con Ed telling everyone who is near the steam pipe explosion in the Flatiron District, to seal their clothes in a bag or immediately wash them, and take a shower because there are asbestos concerns pic.
1657	“Confidence has grown, and we go into the talks with optimism,” a joint declaration said.
1658	Confirming the attacks, the Chairman of Logo Local Government council, Mr. Richard Nyajo, said: “The killings in Logo have become a daily affair.
1659	Confusion marks information heading in your direction.
1660	Congo on the brink.
1661	Congress is part of the Deep State.
1662	Congressman Don Young has a challenger in this year’s midterm elections.
1663	Congress members created a ruckus in the State Assembly when their demand for a detailed discussion on the issue in the House under Rule 310 was turned down by Speaker Prem Chand Agarwal.
1664	Connie can’t understand why her feelings about the case — she describes it as a tragedy for both Mr. Brown and Mr. Wilson — have alienated a black friend.
1665	Conservative professional economists are their counterparts on the center right.
1666	Conservative pundits and members of Congress went on television calling for Keller, Lichtblau, and me to be punished.
1667	Considered the more conservative of the two bills, it isn’t expected to pass the House with Republican votes given Democrats’ opposition, as well as concerns from some moderates.
1668	Considering how long I've had it and how often I use it, it's a miracle the blade is still as sharp as the day I first bought it."
1669	“Considering most of the bowlers in these clubs are from an older generation, they end up taking a very parental interest in our players and it’s very helpful.”
1670	Consider the fact that India’s GDP today, at $2.4 trillion, is nearly twice that of Russia.
1671	Consider treating yourself with a massage, this will help reduce stress and ease some tension.
1672	Consider what you do have.
1673	Consistent measures are being implemented on development of industry, expanding and ensuring the independence of the class of owners in the country.
1674	Constructed in a way to allow 40 cooks to compete at one time, our Kitchen Arena is filled with the latest cooking gadgets and appliances, from mixers to ovens to microwaves and much more.
1675	Construction will not be easy, but not far different than building an off-shore petrol platform.
1676	Consumer culture has turned functioning adults into children by catering to our most narcissistic desires-and continually promising to deliver even more products to promote our self-centeredness.
1677	Consumers in Plano have been asking city officials good questions about their drinking water quality for over two weeks.
1678	Consumer staples also advanced, such as Procter & Gamble, which gained 1.6 percent and Mondelez International, which climbed 2.5 percent.
1679	Consumers will still count on realtors to play the role of trusted adviser, said Re/MAX regional director Christopher Alexander.
1680	Continue reading below for the evidence.
1681	Contractors tied the walls to the floors and roof, installed steel bracing inside the storefront window, stabilized the parapet and refurbished the mortar.
1682	Conversely, systemic diseases of the body can affect our oral cavity.
1683	Cook has totalled 90 in five knocks against India so far at a lowly average of 18 per innings.
1684	Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes.
1685	Cool cake in pan on wire rack for 15 minutes; remove from pan to wire rack, and cool completely.
1686	Cooler than normal water temperatures due to the prolonged spring may have delayed nesting season for a few days, but now that the weather has become more tropical it is time for increased nesting behavior.
1687	“Cooper Union isn’t Cooper Union unless it’s free.
1688	Copperbelly watersnakeCahokia isn't THAT impressive.
1689	Cops say he has dreadlocks and is approximately 20 years old.
1690	Corazon de la Paz-Bernardo, Fernando L. Gaspar and Guillermo D. Luchangco paid P2.58 per share.
1691	Corey Hale said she wishes she had been able to get more things from her home in Lanipuna Gardens before she left — like a compass that belonged to her great-grandfather.
1692	Cormier’s initial lawsuit was seeking damages of $25,000 or more from Planet Fitness.
1693	Corner taken by Andrea Orlandi goes straight to Eli Sabia inside the box, who passes the ball to Jeje Lalpekhlua.
1694	Corporal Robert Druery (2nd from left) and Private Daniel Martin (4th from left) with the 8th/9th Royal Australian Regiment and Land Mobile Training Team during training at the firing range.
1695	Corruption and 24/7 politicking are twin evils killing the Zambian nation regardless of which side of the political divide you’re on.
1696	“Costs of exploration, gas production and transportation are going up,” Putin said.
1697	“Cotton producers rely on the certainty and predictability of farm law to obtain the financing necessary for capital investments and annual crop production,” say Craft.
1698	Coughing is no fun, besides being an annoyance for yourself and those around you, it can cause your chest muscles to ache, leave you out of breath and if they are bad, it could lead to an occasional headache.
1699	Could be criminal genius.
1700	Could we have that parking lot just be for handicap-accessible parking and have a bus drop-off at that location?”
1701	Councillor David Barrick said that Pelham has repeatedly asserted that the Region has no jurisdiction to investigate Town finances, but that this referral to the OMB “puts the matter in a body that certainly has jurisdiction.”
1702	Councilman Danny Capps asked Bryant how the funds would be delivered to the city and how the state funds would affect the funds the council previously appropriated for disaster relief.
1703	Council member Dai Thao was equally noncommittal.
1704	Council members started noticing the inaccuracies on Monday, Giarrusso said.
1705	• Councilwoman Jan Rodusky championed an Art In Public Places resolution that would set standards for public artwork to be included with new large-scale industrial and commercial development within Royal Palm Beach.
1706	Counting of votes will take place on May 15th, 2018.
1707	Country singer and Bay Minette native Kirk Jay turned all four chairs around on NBC’s “The Voice” Monday night with his rendition of “Bless the Broken Road.”
1708	Coupled with his for an alleged child molester and white nationalist forces in Charlottesville earlier this year, it’s clear Trump is carrying off the most shameless form of identity politics of all: protecting entrenched power and its abuse.
1709	Court also heard that Legal Aid Alberta has not yet appointed a lawyer for Duthie, so his case was adjourned until Sept. 12.
1710	Covering everyone’s face with the perfumed colours mean making everyone look equal.
1711	Craving a change from her corporate job, she decided to see if Evy would sell.
1712	Create a fabulous garden for yourself while you help raise funds to build affordable housing by joining Habitat for Humanity of Waldo County at The Maine Garden in Waldo Friday, Aug. 24, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
1713	“Create a list of elements you want to test in an organized, systematic way from sender name to subject line length to tone/voice and even emojis.”
1714	Credit also to Burnley for their chorus of “Only one Arsène Wenger” (after chiding us with “You’re only here for the T-shirts”).
1715	Crews say they are also watching Gillis Creek Dr., Black Horse Run Rd. and Melvin Steele Park.
1716	Crews with Intermountain REA continue to work to restore power as quickly as possible.
1717	Cricket Hero Breaks Down in Tears on TV Over Cheating - The New York TimesNYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
1718	Croatia battles England in the semifinals at 2 p.m. Wednesday in Moscow.
1719	Croatia, whose previous best was a third-place finish at the 1998 World Cup, have advanced to the final for the first time in their history.
1720	Crosby prioritizes all of the complaints he receives each day.
1721	Crossrail and Crossrail 2 are two separate projects.
1722	Crystal Palace pulled off a shock win over the defending Premier League champions on Saturday, less than 24 hours after the Reds had extended their lead at the top to four points with victory at Wolves.
1723	Currently found in the Mediterranean, southern Spain and Portugal, Atlantic coast of Africa, Atlantic coast of South America, and both sides of the Pacific coast.
1724	Currently, he shares the title with Brett Favre, who beat the Cowboys as a member of the Vikings in the 2009 postseason.
1725	Currently the commander of the base and 63 soldiers have made it to Geidam (60 kilometres away) while the remaining 670 are being expected,” he said, without elaborating on their possible fate.
1726	Currently, the consortium is called “Consortium Zenith Construction Sdn Bhd” with Zenith Construction Sdn Bhd, Juteras Sdn Bhd, Kenanga Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd and Vertice Berhad as shareholders.
1727	Customers can get $2 off a big bagel bundle, which includes a baker’s dozen of bagels and two tubs of cream cheese.
1728	Customers outside the NBS headquarters after guards were ordered to lock the doors.
1729	Customizability is another benefit of open textbooks as they offer the ability to be tailored to their pertaining courses.
1730	C., who is the chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.
1731	Cyber Monday 2018 kicks off on 26 November and offers online-focused deals for one day only.
1732	Cyndi Hanson, a Republican candidate for Congress from Sioux City, takes a minute to visit with her daughter, 9-year-old Bradey, during a break at a campaign event Saturday at Pizza Ranch in Denison.
1733	Dabiri-Erewa also stressed the need for Nigeria to expedite the process of finalising the EWS implementation by South Africa.
1734	DA Dan Primus says the change will free up his office for many other cases, but he worries that the DOJ attorneys will not be equipped to handle the cases because they aren’t as familiar with the communities as the local prosecutors are.
1735	Dagg says the “high risk” mentioned in the audits didn’t refer to patients not getting care when they needed it.
1736	Daimler AG warned last week that escalating tension between the US and China will impair earnings its Alabama SUV plant and lower profit this year.
1737	Dairy substitutes become a competitive product for local farmers »
1738	Daithan Cobb, 20, was shot Jan.
1739	Dalit groups in Meerut are promising to replace the statue with an even bigger one, double the height of the current rendering.
1740	Dallas Pets Alive will be at Subaru of Plano from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday.
1741	Dan Alen Sparks, “Doe Doe”,56, of Hollywood, MD formerly from Great Mills, MD passed away on April 24, 2018 in Hollywood, MD.
1742	Dance can be easily described as the fluid movement of the body in a rhythmic way, usually to music and within a given space, for the purpose of expressing an idea or emotion, releasing energy, or simply taking delight in the movement itself.
1743	Danfo Drivers, a popular music duo from way back 2008, appear to have ironed out their differences with wave-making music artiste, Tekno.
1744	Daniel Lopez-Obrero from Spain holds one of the intricate leatherwork designs made at Meyran.
1745	Daniel Robertson and Michael Clarke, on a power play, gave the X-Men an early 2-0 lead before Alberta stormed back.
1746	Daniels came back with a clothesline.
1747	Daniel, who has previously told how Meghan asked him to do her make-up on her wedding day over Whatsapp, recalled the jubilation among the crowds that had descended on Windsor Castle on May 19th to share in the now Duke and Duchess of Sussex's big day.
1748	Dan Kodie, who had come on for Malik Akowuah midway the second half, went close to registering his name on the score sheet in the 78th minute after he was played through by Razak, but his low shot was kept out by goalkeeper Nii Hammond Kalala.
1749	Dankwambo desires to be a contender; but it does not seem the odds might favour him, but he may be a compromise candidate of the opposition PDP as many of the party's governors consider him as number two choice.
1750	Danny Collins, a fifth-year in aviation, has lived in the house since August and said there are many reasons why he likes living in the old church.
1751	‘Daphne and Velma’ will be available on Digital, Blu-ray, and DVD May 22nd, 2018.
1752	Darin and others are available to advise as to the wording on the bricks and can provide a gift certificate for the brick if desired.
1753	Darren could be seen keeping his arm around Suki as they walked around before stopping at a restaurant to grab some food.
1754	Dashes are usually a little bit easier to recognize.
1755	Data is not a monopoly and open data partnerships must be undertaken by entities.
1756	Daudt said of the omnibus.
1757	DAVAO CITY (MindaNews / 05 April) — Leaders of the two houses of Congress on Wednesday afternoon assured President Rodrigo Duterte and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) that the Bangsamoro Basic Law (BBL) will be passed by May 2018.
1758	Davenport police tell TV-6 they are still following-up on who was driving and at what point the driver(s) were operating the vehicle.
1759	David Bruntz grew up on a family farm near Friend, and Ann (Ramm) was raised on a family ranch near Stuart.
1760	David Fiorenza, who teaches urban economics at Villanova University, said local and state governments will start to notice a hit to their sales tax revenue if the strike lingers.
1761	David Huckfelt of the Pines opens.
1762	David Pastrnak, Brian Gionta and Rick Nash all scored within three minutes, with Gionta’s tally coming on the power play.
1763	Davidson saw her and said “Hi!” with a rising inflection.
1764	David was very accomplished in his field of mechanical engineering, he is perhaps most well-known for his invention the “Thompson Roto Stripper” a bestselling product on the hardware market in the late 70s.
1765	Dawson was awarded the Annie Jump Cannon Award by the American Astronomical Society in 2017.
1766	Day after day, I looked, but could never find any appointment.
1767	Day, formally the offensive coordinator, served as acting head coach when Meyer was suspended for the first three games of the season.
1768	Days later, his medication started helping the mental illness.
1769	DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. – Danica Patrick was annoyed with herself.
1770	D. became emotional in the hearing on Thursday, according to NOS.
1771	Dear Loudness Sufferer: Perhaps she was born with large vocal cords or is suffering a subtler form of hearing loss not detected in basic tests.
1772	DEA Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg said, “We don’t factor in inflation directly, we take it through the GDP because GDP is real growth plus inflation.”
1773	Decades of market research reveals that the stocks that go on to make the biggest gains typically have an 80 or higher RS Rating in the early stages of their moves.
1774	Decatur opens District 4-4A Division I at home Oct. 12 against No. 9 Hirschi.
1775	Deceivers that called themselves man of God, hell fire is ur portion fake pastor.
1776	December inventory in the Montgomery area decreased 9.9 percent from the prior month.
1777	Decentralization of the cloud is a necessary step toward creating a scalable and more efficient cloud fabric and removing unnecessary trust elements to strengthen our digital freedom.
1778	Decision was taken on holding in the fourth quarter of 2018 of the Sixth scientific practical conference on cooperation of the SCO member states and observer states at the SCO in the sphere of countering international terrorism and extremism.
1779	Deeply saddened by the act of senseless violence in Fallon today at the LDS church.
1780	Defending champions Chennaiyin FC will look to notch up their first win of the season when they lock horns with Mumbai City FC in their Indian Super League match at Chennai’s Stadium on Saturday.
1781	Defense is not always what wins football games, but a strong defensive front that can disrupt play enough to force mistakes and turnovers can make huge differences on a game-to-game basis.
1782	Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman meets with Russian Minister of Defense Sergei Shoigu, in Moscow, Russia on May 31, 2018.
1783	Definitely felt like a big-man match the way it was structured.
1784	DeGroot was inducted into the Entrepreneur of the Year Institute at a national conference in Palm Springs, Calif.
1785	Delaware Tribal families and families of DTI employees welcome.
1786	Delivery of first of two vessels proceeds as scheduled.
1787	Delmarva Power customers foot the added cost.
1788	Delores Christopher was absent for the vote.
1789	Democrats' gains threaten Trump agenda, even without 'blue wave' - News - Morning Sun - Pittsburg, KSDemocrats' gains threaten Trump agenda, even without 'blue wave'
1790	Democrats won the House by capturing districts all over the country, but their gains were greatest in districts that are predominantly suburban or at least have some suburban characteristics.
1791	Dennis said having Shawe get back to withing striking distance with 90 seconds still left in the game forced him to shift gears a little at the finish.
1792	Denying those women the right to reproductive justice will lead to fewer of them being able to have economic power, to being in positions of power, positions where they are hiring other people, and that kind of representation matters.
1793	Deputies twisted my wrist, causing unbearable pain and laughed at me and showed me no mercy.
1794	Deputy Chief Minister Kadiam Srihari inaugurating the pilot programme of Akshaya Patra Foundation to introduce millets in mid-day meals, at Narsingi in Kokapet on Thursday.
1795	Deputy Commissioner of Police Merin Joseph will open the session, which will focus on pedestrians’ safety aspects.
1796	Deputy head coach of Russian skiers Anastasia Popkova confirmed the skiier was doing OK after competition was delayed by 17 minutes.
1797	Derelict in his duties.
1798	Deripaska issued a statement saying Navalny's "allegations have nothing to do with reality" and sued the woman who made the Instagram posts.
1799	Design, build and test your own quake proof gingerbread building.
1800	Designed by renowned Belgian floral artist Daniël Ost.
1801	De Sousa, 53, was charged with three misdemeanor counts of failure to file a U.S. tax return.
1802	Despite a disappointing end to his nine-year tenure in Ottawa, Karlsson says he has no regrets.
1803	Despite all the discoveries already made about ancient Egypt, experts say they hope to find much more — in part thanks to modern technology — treasures still buried under the vast desert.
1804	Despite criticism that Abiola was running a Muslim-Muslim ticket, Baba Sheyin said, “Even if it is the Grand Sheikh of the Mecca Mosque that is on the ticket with Abiola, we shall still vote for him.
1805	Despite having no formal education until he was eight or nine, Judge Horton was accepted to Vanderbilt University’s medical studies program and, later, to Cumberland University where he earned his bachelor and law degrees.
1806	Despite Hilbert’s six unanswered points in the middle of the third quarter, the Lions’ lead could not be surpassed, as the team was up by 18 by the quarter’s end.
1807	Despite looking incredible, fans flocked to Twitter to mock her outfit, leaving the I’m A Celebrity star in tears.
1808	Despite stating at times that he wouldn’t work anywhere in America out of respect to Vince McMahon, he did show up at ALL IN to attack Kenny Omega which only added fuel to the rumors.
1809	Despite the decline, Sony and Nintendo are still producing newer versions of both the PS Vita and the DS.
1810	“Despite the economic policy setbacks we have suffered over the past few months, we remain committed to supporting local sports as much as we can to get Kenya where it should be, among the great football nations of the world.”
1811	Despite the markings, authorities reiterated Tuesday that the 21-year-old former student did not target specific victims and that notes left behind by the gunman detailed a plan for opening fire inside the school.
1812	Despite the strong start, Marco knows that it is a difficult road ahead for his team.
1813	Despite this proof, Krasner states there is no evidence of DA Castille’s personal involvement as a prosecutor in Mumia’s case.
1814	Despite this, the call taker and a supervisor never referred it to field agents for further investigation, which the FBI said violated its protocols.
1815	Despite two different campaigns against his government but unions, McNeil doesn’t seem concerned.
1816	Desroches said now that he has been called back to the worksite, he intends to stay until the bridge is opened to traffic in June.
1817	Details of their conversation are sketchy but Southgate has made it clear he demands the highest professional standards and is unlikely to have let the 23-year-old leave without a stern reminder.
1818	Determined to rule as much more than a figurehead, Mary asserts her claim to the English throne, threatening Elizabeth’s sovereignty.
1819	DETROIT (AP) — Toyota’s top U.S. executive says car sales nationwide have bottomed out and his company will keep making them despite a dramatic shift to trucks and SUVs.
1820	DETROIT — Judging by social media, the meteor flying around the area Tuesday was a lot more exciting than the Red Wings.
1821	Developers constantly engage with each other, at meetups, on slack channels, in Facebook groups, and myriad other platforms.
1822	Devumi also sells bots to reality television stars, who can parlay fame into endorsement and appearance fees.
1823	Dexter apart, it was a pretty undistinguished batting performance by the Foxes, who have lost all five of their home matches in the Blast so far.
1824	Dhirendra’s wife Babita used to hope that a drainage network and roads would come up — if not anytime soon, then at least by the time their two children grow up.
1825	“Dialogue is the only way to solve such issues,” he underlined and added: “We have an ideological and political commitment based on which we solve the issues and move ahead.”
1826	Didier Deschamps’ side has ridden to the final on the back of its defence, and it’s the only area of the pitch where the French are clearly more talented.
1827	Did Meghan Markle Break Royal Protocol Over the Weekend?
1828	Did she have her fingers/hands?
1829	Did she make a mistake?
1830	Did this 'cult-like' sales strategy fuel Commonwealth's unhealthy profits culture?
1831	Diego Costa helped Atletico Madrid take a big step toward the Europa League quarter-finals by scoring in a 3-0 victory over Lokomotiv Moscow on Thursday.
1832	DigitalPrice can be bought or sold on these cryptocurrency exchanges: Bleutrade, Cryptopia and CoinExchange.
1833	Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in Electronics For Imaging by 21.9% during the 1st quarter.
1834	Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,232,159 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $82,309,000 after purchasing an additional 246,205 shares during the period.
1835	Disaster Recovery Centers offer in-person support to individuals and business owners.
1836	“Discrimination towards persons with disabilities has waned.
1837	Discussion about real estate values jumping in Dandong should not ipso facto mean that the CCP is eager to send Chinese business leaders back into North Korea pell-mell, apart perhaps from being organized by Michael Spavor.
1838	Discuss: iPhone XS vs. Pixel 3: Which phone has the best camera?
1839	Disgraced former Macedonia PM 'helped by Hungary to avoid jail'
1840	Dixie Longate is the fast-talking, gum-chewing, ginger-haired Alabama gal who is bringing your grandma’s Tupperware party into the 21 century as she demonstrates the many alternative uses for the iconic plastic kitchen staple.
1841	DJ Cody Ingles – will be at The Spot located at 417 N. Grand, in Enid.
1842	Doable, of course, but at a cost.
1843	Do any administrative tools need to be carried over (such as custom CMS functionality)?
1844	Dobitsch says the runway is still safe for pilots to use, but the cracks have become much worse over the past few years.
1845	Docker made containers a mainstream development and deployment phenomenon, but has achieved something even greater—making containers manageable.
1846	Doctor Loomis: As a matter of fact, it was.
1847	Documentation was made for insurance.
1848	Do Dogs Know They're Good Boys?
1849	Doescher said that one of these books is for helping people in that are in a coma.
1850	Does it ever leave you wondering just how religious your specific area is?
1851	“Does it mean that the vaccine incorporates multiple influenza strains and is that even possible?
1852	Doesn’t feel like you have the zip.
1853	Doing so only further fuels capitalism’s race to the bottom, allowing big business to pit city against city, and worker against worker.
1854	Doing so would have left the Philippines alone and subject to China’s wrath while these armchair warriors egged it on.
1855	Doing the movie really took me to a place where I didn’t even know it was going to do that.
1856	Doing the rounds lately has been a Facebook post by the vampire writer Anne Rice, in which she boasts of having refused to let her work be edited since 1988.
1857	Dolce & Gabbana recently showcased their latest collection at the Alta Moda Runway in New York City in a three-day extravaganza.
1858	Domains with the highest assessment score (above 80%) were managing counterfeit products- 80%, documentation -85% and the process of returning products- 85%.
1859	Do many of us wish gun laws were a little stricter in the United States regarding who can own a gun as they are in Israel?
1860	Donations of $15 per person support invasive plant boat inspections at the lake this summer.
1861	Donato is looking forward to the chance of doing well against top competition.
1862	Doncaster Council's head of service (communities), Pat Hagan, said: "That has had a dampening effect on the problem, but this seems to be the hot spot that is replacing begging in the town centre.
1863	Dons fans refused entry at Hearts match as police say they were ‘inebriated’
1864	Don't allow the allure of the platform to distract you from preaching righteousness and holiness.
1865	Don’t expect to have the same experience twice: the installation fluidly changes color, from ultra violet to deep cerulean, paired with the ever-changing colors of the sky.
1866	Don’t Forget, This Is 2018, Nxt Yr?
1867	Don’t listen to political Sambos and Jezebels that tell you to trust us, vote for who we tell you to, don’t worry about getting paid and shut up and dribble!
1868	Don’t mess with the QB.
1869	Don’t miss the photos of Hilo Walmart’s “CMN Captain Scott,” who makes regular appearances encouraging support.
1870	Don’t you mean the opposite – to call it a career no more?
1871	DOON, Iowa (AP) — BNSF Railway says it’s reopened a track where 32 tank cars derailed, spilling thousands of gallons of crude oil in northwest Iowa.
1872	Doran and Morninghill residents suspect the pollution is coming from behind the mall on Marcia Street in Johannesburg.
1873	Dorothy M Shelton, 89, formerly of Manchester, OH died Wednesday, January 16 at the Laurelton Village Care Center in Brick, NJ.
1874	Dot will hire up to 125 people in the first year, starting with truck drivers.
1875	Double knockdown and Zayn finally starts to build momentum.
1876	"Doubt," which opened on Broadway in 2005, earned Shanley the Pulitzer Prize for drama and the Tony Award for best play, and in 2008 was made into a film starring Meryl Streep and Phillip Seymour Hoffman as Aloysius and Flynn.
1877	Doug Anstaett, KPA executive director, spoke briefly in support of the governor’s executive orders.
1878	Douglas Boyce was arrested Tuesday afternoon on charges of Distribution of a Controlled Substance and Possession of a Controlled Substance (Fentynal).
1879	Dow has long been a champion for often-overlooked remote communities such as Gualala and Covelo.
1880	Down by two points with precious seconds ticking off the clock, Airman Lorenzo Hawkins launched a potential game-winning shot from beyond the three-point arc, but watched helplessly as the ball bounced off the back of the rim.
1881	Downloaded, the software will tell the screenwriter how many male and female parts are in the script and how much dialogue is assigned each one.
1882	Download the award-winning free ABC7 News/AccuWeather app featuring the new AccuWeather MinuteCast®, the leading minute-by-minute precipitation forecast, hyper-localized to your exact street address.
1883	Do you always buy your mom Valentine’s flowers?
1884	Do you believe our campus would benefit from this form of intervention?
1885	Do you enjoy Segal’s work?
1886	Do you find yourself using the Bixby button and do you find yourself using Bixby at all?
1887	Do you have any idea what's the life span of meat?"
1888	Do you live here?
1889	Do your best, and you will avoid self-judgement and regret.”
1890	Do you remember when it was considered shameful to be a porn star?
1891	Dozens of volunteers from the community-based organisation, Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) joined forces to embark on a war against untidiness in the garden of remembrance.
1892	Dr. Ade Adejumo, the Zonal coordinator of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Ibadan Zone,on Tuesday revealed that the federal government have insist on the introduction of the increased N350,000 fees.
1893	Drago wailed on Strong with the nunchaku.
1894	Drake stopped by the Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago Monday to meet up with 11-year-old Sofia Sanchez — who turned 11 on Saturday.
1895	Dr Alan McDevitt, chairman of the British Medical Association Scotland’s GP committee, said: “You have to know who is at the other end of the website.
1896	Dravid though, has insisted that everyone had an equal part to play in the victorious fortnight and months of preparations prior to that.
1897	Dr Avinash Godbole is a New Delhi-based research fellow at the Indian Council for World Affairs and specializes on China studies.
1898	Drawdowns, give-backs, and corrections are normal and to be expected.
1899	Dr Cooper is no stranger to the mystery and unfairness of death.
1900	Dr. Daphne Miller, a practicing family physician, author and Associate Clinical Professor at the University of California-San Francisco, is this year’s speaker.
1901	Dressed all in black, The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Makkonen Tesfaye, was able to create a hysterical atmosphere accentuated with smoke and light effects in an expressive and moving sound universe.
1902	Dressed in a beige salwar kameez, flip-flops on her feet, Amala was wheeled out in an office chair by her grandson Ratul.
1903	Dr. Gardner said many of the people in the study were surprised — and relieved — that they did not have to restrict or even think about calories.
1904	Dr. Gilbert also noted that Guyana has suffered extensively from the attending evils consistent with the continued use of what he also described as a backward proportional representation (PR) electoral system.
1905	Dried potatoes in Peru come in many forms.
1906	Driftwood describes their music as “song-driven folk-rock,” with many bluegrass influences stemming from their upstate New York roots.
1907	Drilling down to the hourly chart, the price decline today was kickstarted on the break of the 100 hour MA and the lower trend line.
1908	Driving the tractor, I used the bucket to push the limbs together and keep the fires going.
1909	Driving with his left forearm and right elbow on the steering wheel, he asked her about the science fair projects of their three children.
1910	Dr. Jim Garrow is a renowned author and whistleblower who has been nominated for a Nobel peace prize for his humanitarian work.
1911	Dr. Laurel Williams, chief of child and adolescent psychiatry at Texas Children’s Hospital, says mental illnesses such as depression, mood disorders and even bipolar disease may play a role.
1912	Dr. Lorimer’s gravesite lies nearby, just as Andrew Jackson’s grave is on the grounds at the Hermitage.
1913	Dr Otive Igbuzor, the Executive Director, Centre LSD, said that the Side by Side movement was a growing global movement pursing transformational change for gender justice for people of faith.
1914	Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) tells them to stop yelling so they don’t wake up Leo, he tells Amelia not to be giving her crap for slipping up; but she feels Owen should be backing her up.
1915	Dr. Parker was a minister and served as a missionary in the Philippines for over 45 years, he was a member of Riverview Baptist Church in Ripplemead, VA, and he was a U.S. Army Veteran, having served during the Korean War.
1916	Dr. Peter Richel, chief of pediatrics at Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco, N.Y., reviewed the findings.
1917	Dr. Phan and colleagues also note some strengths and limitations to their research.
1918	Dr. Robert Gordon says the Peter German report is scathing and there needs to be a careful analysis of how the system went off the rails and who is responsible.
1919	Drug use was suspected, but police did Nazi tracks on his arms.
1920	DSP may be the gig I’ll ride into to sunset.
1921	D thesis (and all the work on it) ended up being classified.
1922	DUBAI: Dubai threatened yesterday to take legal action against China for building an international free trade zone in Djibouti on a terminal disputed with the strategic Horn of Africa nation.
1923	Due to a late start, the game was reduced to 45 overs-a-side.
1924	Due to police activity in the neighborhood, parents/guardians of students at La Mesa ES are being asked to pick up their children at the school.
1925	Due to the longer period of military rule which lasted for some inconsecutive years, the Nigerian society have been plagued by the negative impact of dictatorship.
1926	Duluth police officers manage the crowd of protesters in the walkway outside Wells Fargo bank Friday morning.
1927	Dumbest thing I've ever done in my life.
1928	Duncan Ferguson scores an incredible volley vs Manchester United!
1929	Durant, 29, the Most Valuable Player in the last two NBA Finals, is also putting up big numbers off the court as a philanthropist.
1930	Durban - Where everything is out to kill you.
1931	During 9am and 10 am every Saturday, in-store music will be turned off, lights will be dimmed, and the tannoy will be switched off.
1932	During a car chase scene, a motorcycle whizzes by columns, producing a whooshing noise that moves away from you, creating the sensation of motion.
1933	During a subsequent search, police said one of the men was found with a loaded, semi-automatic handgun with an extended magazine.
1934	During her freshman year, Chircop did not consider working in sports, but working with this group had exposed her to new beginnings, as well as developing her growth.
1935	During his flight to Iquique Jan.
1936	During his visit, Fr. Krol met with the prime minister and apostolic nuncio of Poland as part of a trip to reconnect the mission of SS.
1937	During one of the series, designers are given a specific styled house with only a room to design with different details given by the homeowner.
1938	During Reed’s interview, she asked questions regarding the candidate’s knowledge of Student Government, Greek Life and their ideas for future programs.
1939	During that time he met and married his wife Joan, and they had five children.
1940	“During that time Livia briefly became involved with former friend Mr. Brancaccia.
1941	During the 2017 Mediterranean Dialogues, held on 29 November, Salame gave an extensive interview in which he explained at length his overall plan and where elections fit into it.
1942	During the argument, police say Garnett doused his 56-year-old wife in gasoline and then set her on fire.
1943	“During the arrest, Chemirmir was holding jewellery and money.
1944	During the discussions, concern was raised over a number of articles on social media "maligning" the judiciary and the claims that the MDC was behind the messages.
1945	“During the interview, Evans explained how he kidnapped Sylvanus in June 2014 and he said he was armed with AK47 during the kidnap.
1946	During the interview, Hopie said she was nervous to tell her father out of fear for judgement.
1947	During their interview, they insisted that friends had told them to visit the ‘wonderful city’ during their two days in the UK.
1948	During the meeting, it was brought up that some people do not wish to offend faculty members who do not fall under this umbrella statement.
1949	“During the previous effort, we did environment impact studies which proved that the area isn’t suitable for high density housing as proposed here today.”
1950	During the questioning, he admitted to his involvement in the rape and murder of the girl," the inspector added, reported the English daily.
1951	During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.97) EPS.
1952	During the same period last year, the company posted $1.28 EPS. equities analysts predict that T. Rowe Price Group Inc will post 7.23 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
1953	During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.10 earnings per share.
1954	During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.94 earnings per share.
1955	During the Tribal Council session on April 11, 2013 when Wolfe was named a Beloved Man, Myrtle Driver, EBCI Beloved Woman and fluent speaker, spoke of his importance to the language and culture of the Tribe.
1956	During the upcoming Japan-U.
1957	During this time, roadway lanes will periodically shift and may be reduced to one travel lane with flaggers.
1958	DYNAMOS coach, Biggie Zuze (pictured) is in trouble for publicly attacking the club’s executive, and could find himself jobless by the end of this week for his comments at the weekend that the hierarchy has described as “reckless.”
1959	Each batch is made to order and gets doubled-fried, a technique that makes Korean fried chicken unique and gives it that paper-thin, crackly crust.
1960	Each day after, we get less and less sun.
1961	Each of the four judges has six acts going into the notoriously brutal phase, but will have to whittle it down to just two per team ahead of the semi-final.
1962	Each of the other candidates — a reality TV star and an ultranationalist among them — is expected to draw very few ballots.
1963	Each woman is experiencing her own hardships, but at the end of the day, they each know they can rely on their girlfriends, no matter what happens.
1964	EAGLE BUTTE, S.D. (AP) – A Native American tribal chairman says a “struggle” will begin soon against the Keystone XL oil pipeline after the project developer started pre-construction work near the tribe’s South Dakota reservation.
1965	EAGLE-eyed viewers spotted EastEnders' Uncle Arshad making a surprise appearance in Holby City just minutes after he was seen onscreen in the soap.
1966	Eagle Radio - News - Teen jailed for plotting to blow up parents after mother disapproved of his girlfriendWaiting for next track.
1967	Eagles quarterbacks coach John DeFilippo is also a possible target, although he is still a candidate for the Cardinals head coaching job.
1968	Earlier, in 2017 ‘Ishaqbaaz’ actor Nakuul Mehta too faced similar situation when he reported that his bank account was hacked.
1969	Earlier in the day CBS Sports NFL Insider Jason La Canfora reported that negotiations had been amicable and productive.
1970	Earlier in the day, Seychelles held South Africa to a 0-0 draw in Victoria.
1971	Earlier this week in Helsinki, President Trump expressed openness to a Putin request to question former US Ambassador to Moscow Michael McFaul and other Americans, calling the request part of “an incredible offer.”
1972	Earlier this year, CBS introduced a sitcom about a man who tried to live his life according to the Bible.
1973	“Earlier this year, I signed the first major gun safety bill in decades in Pennsylvania.
1974	Earlier this year, Kinder Morgan dropped plans to twin an existing pipeline that carries about 300,000 barrels of bitumen daily from Alberta to British Columbia.
1975	Earlier this year, Lawrence police were featured on the long-running reality show “COPS,” an event officers promoted for months beforehand on Twitter.
1976	Earlier this year, the Ministry of Youth and Sports earmarked 4 million hryvnias (about $150,000) to fund some of the youth camps among the dozens built by the nationalists.
1977	Earlier this year, the Passenger Transportation Board in the North Central region of the province.
1978	Earlier, Trump blamed US-Russia tensions on previous administrations.
1979	Earl Thomas on his future: ‘Hopefully I stay, but right now nobody knows’
1980	Early diners can enjoy a four-course menu with seating from 5 to 8 p.m. for $175 per person while the five-course feast with many extras starts at 8 p.m. until it's 2019 and is priced at $250 per person.
1981	Early in the third period, at 3:45, the second-year Bulldog made it 3-1, on a 5-on-3 man advantage, with assists going to forwards Devin MacLaughlin and Ryan Kennedy.
1982	Early on in this match, the Mongrels isolated Paddy M in their corner of the ring, leading to a prolonged period that built to Paddy making the “hot” tag to Martina.
1983	Early this morning in Moffitt Library, reports say student Cam P. Nile finally emerged from the fourth-floor bathroom stall after going missing for eight hours.
1984	Early voting is slated to start statewide next week on Thursday.
1985	Early was 1 of 10 from 3-point range.
1986	Earnings-per-share growth decreased last quarter from 561% to 101%, but sales rose from 19% to 20%.
1987	Earth is indifferent to whether it composes a new layer of rock from the bones of the dinosaurs or the detritus of late capitalism; extinction is extinction, and the planet will go on without us.
1988	Eby says the German report was not a fault finding report in order to table an expedient investigations into allegations of massive money laundering.
1989	Economic Impact on Wireless Communication Systems Market: – What are Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis Results?
1990	Eddie Campbell’s exquisite illustrations contrast the privileged suburbs in which Gull lives with the poverty-stricken degradation of Whitechapel’s citizens.
1991	Eden Hazard has been used as an auxiliary striker but has admitted to preferring a deeper role.
1992	Editor’s note: The vehicle came to rest across both lanes of Highway 97 after the accident and was moved prior to these photographs.
1993	Edmond tried not to look back after leaving Jesuit.
1994	Edmonton got one back from Draisaitl shortly after that.
1995	Ed Newman was honored to serve as the event’s MC and especially touched when his late grandfather, WWII Veteran and much loved Ed Guiterrez was honored during the event.
1996	Ed Sheeran at the 2018 Brit Awards on Feb. 21 in London, England.
1997	Education will be imperative in making sure this goal is reached.
1998	Edward had been in construction and worked in Colorado and California while she taught.
1999	Edwards also tied for Temple’s best finish on the uneven bars with senior all-around Alexa Phillip.
2000	Effective May 1, 2018, anyone who wishes to host a special event at a park will have to apply for a permit through the recreation department.
2001	Effective way to tackle electoral impunity is to prosecute…
2002	Efforts by PREMIUM TIMES to confirm from the NYSC if such permission was sought and secured have not been successful.
2003	Egypt also faces a March 26-28 election in which Sisi has only a single, last-minute challenger who had previously said he supported the incumbent.
2004	Eighteen-year-old female leopard Meera, a captive resident of National Park (SGNP) in Borivali, died around 5.30 pm on Sunday.
2005	Eight months pregnant, she arrived at the hospital and searched room to room until she found him on the second floor.
2006	Eight people are competing for five seats on the Holmes Beach Charter Review Commission.
2007	Either they trade back in round one or by some miracle Price falls to the Bengals in round two.
2008	Either way I’d be reluctant to bank on some of them.
2009	Ekweremadu expressed sadness that the nation’s political parties lacked the strong financial base or investment to be self-reliant despite the windfalls they enjoy through the sale of nomination forms.
2010	Eli yammers on about Tommy Dreamer and says he’ll bury him tonight.
2011	Elizabeth was Ross' girlfriend, as well as being one of the students that he taught.
2012	Elliott Harris, Jr., led Robinson with 8 points.
2013	Elliott missed nearly two months due to core muscle surgery in early March before returning just in time for the Flyers’ first-round series with Pittsburgh.
2014	Ellis and the Océanic are facing the Moncton Wildcats in the first round of the QMJHL playoffs.
2015	ELMA—The Springville boys basketball varsity team opened its season with a split in the 22nd annual Greg D. Martin Tip-off Tournament Nov. 29 and Dec. 1 at Iroquois High School.
2016	Elon Musk Is a Farting Unicorn Fan, but Blew Off Creator Tom.
2017	El Palito is expected to process 85,000 bpd and Puerto la Cruz will process 146,000 bpd in March.
2018	Elsewhere in Europe, however, including Germany and Austria, people have long been accustomed to the day of commercial rest and appreciate the push it gives them to escape the compulsion to shop for quality time with family and friends instead.
2019	Elsewhere on the 4.26-kilometre walk, Newfoundland sisters Paula, Elaine and Joanne Shortall teared up as they watched the ceremony broadcast on a massive screen outside St. George’s Chapel.
2020	Elsewhere, Paul (Christopher Sean) and Leo (Greg Rikaart) will have a tense confrontation.
2021	Elwood, a 1985 Peoria High School graduate, has seen the controversial U.S. Supreme Court nominee drink a few cold ones, too.
2022	Emergency responders work at the scene of a crash between an Amtrak passenger train and a CSX freight train Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018 in Cayce, S.C. The crash left multiple people dead and dozens of people injured.
2023	Emerging markets are expected to post robust earnings growth this year and in 2019.
2024	Emily Mikkelsen and Janaina Zanin followed with goals 2 and 3 minutes later and the rout was on Jenna Gehring, Karen Pokorny and Mack Rath also scored for Pierre.
2025	Emmanuel Rangel, Emily Isaacs and David Lopez have not gone to trial yet.
2026	Employee requesting 602 and contact to see about further action.”
2027	“Employers should not be allowed to use tips to cover their costs for operation.”
2028	Emzor said NAFDAC raised no issues at the time of the inspection, only for them to return later to close the site without explanation.
2029	Encana said in November that per-well costs dropped by a quarter.
2030	Energy stocks are currently trading at roughly a 50% discount to the broader market.
2031	Engine failure."
2032	England beat Nigeria 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday.
2033	England's Manu Tuilagi powers through the defence.
2034	Enjoy your honeymoon, your DINK lifestyle and your twenties while they last, because no matter how anti-feminist you are, all those three things have a short expiration date.
2035	Enough with recruiting, spring practice and preseason practice; let the real games begin.
2036	Enrollment is scheduled for 7 a.m.-7 p.m. Tuesday at Salina Central High School.
2037	Enter your email address receive notifications of new posts by email.
2038	Eom hopes to partner with more local and Israeli startups in the future, even as peer-led workshops remain a consistent presence within the club.
2039	Epilepsy affects around 37,000 people in Ireland, and there are about 40 different types of the condition.
2040	Equipment bags hung neatly in the dugout.
2041	Equities analysts expect Dicks Sporting Goods to earn $3.31 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $0.90 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 27.2%.
2042	Erase any personal data from the cellphone (perform a factory reset and remove storage cards and SIM cards from the phone).
2043	Erica Hunt, Shawna Romolliwa and Juran Greene shared lead vocal duties, with Greene being the affable party host as always.
2044	Eric Cantona scored the winner to seal a League and Cup double.
2045	Eric Jones, a member of the planning committee.
2046	Erik Essousse, the Chief Electoral Officer, in a first statement made three hours after the start of voting announced that the presidential election in Cameroon is being conducted “normally” and there was “nothing special to report.”
2047	Eroica California was not the longest bike ride I have ever done.
2048	Errol Louis, political anchor for NY1 news, will keynote the event that will also feature a trip down memory lane, acknowledgements, and honors for special guests Gary Axelbank and Sally Dunford, along with Mosholu Montefiore Community Center.
2049	"Especially after China's ban, Thailand could become one of the biggest dumping grounds for e-waste," said Penchom Saetang, director of Ecological Alert and Recovery Thailand (EARTH).
2050	“Especially since the 22nd, feedback at the door, one after the other, was telling me they had already voted for me,” Phelps said.
2051	Especially those that channel $$$ into his bank account out of the light of day.
2052	Especially when the firings occurred in the middle of the winter holidays?
2053	Especially when you’re in a place where you don’t really have money, family or anything.”
2054	Established in 1955, APEA is the oldest Public Employees union in the state.
2055	EU ambassadors to Tehran to go to Parliament national security commission - Mehr News Agency https://en.
2056	Europe is mostly lower in early trade Monday, and U.S. Futures are mixed in the premarket.
2057	"Evaporative cooling is the conversion of liquid water into vapor using the thermal energy in the air, resulting in a lower air temperature.
2058	Evart’s a strong physical team.
2059	Even after Pastor Brunson is liberated, Turkey should not be forgiven for its many indiscretions.
2060	Even after the woman was out of sight, they continued talking about her and judging her harshly until they looked up to see one girl’s father staring at them.
2061	Even as Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito, for example, have not voted to overturn Roe, they have narrowly interpreted its breadth and declined to strike down tough state restrictions on abortion.
2062	Even better, use the keys CTRL + F and type your game title name to make it quick.
2063	Even if the government or any of its organs and operatives feels slandered, such agencies should seek redress in court.
2064	“Even if they believe someone is trying to hoard medication, you can’t stop giving somebody mental health medication entirely.
2065	Even if they don’t, they will provide you with the sort of novel social interactions that will nourish your holiday plasticity.
2066	Even if we don’t emerge victorious our presence would have been felt.
2067	"Even if you extend it to that group, non-Hispanic Anglos are oversampled as a group."
2068	Even in his home province of the Midlands, many still despise Mnangagwa over the alleged involvement of some of his lieutenants in violent gold dealings there.
2069	Even in the extremely difficult situations you face, you have the opportunity to grow spiritually, taking difficulties as a test of your inner strength.
2070	Even in the latter stages of the meeting, however, residents still were questioning the need for new zoning districts with new rules on setbacks and frontage for each.
2071	Even less, then, is known about the “new” G7 or what the overhaul might entail.
2072	Even the best shelters are noisy and stressful for homeless animals, raising their cortisol levels and causing them to act in ways they might not under normal circumstances.
2073	Even the complete Swaragini team is like a family.
2074	Even the investigative agencies do not have any proof or evidence to substantiate the allegation.”
2075	Even the most hardened introverts got off the wall, into some fishnets, and onto the dance floor.
2076	Even then, on a slow, grinding track — the kind India’s batsmen have extensive experience of — the top-ranked team in the world still couldn’t stand up to South Africa’s fast bowlers.
2077	Even those congresspeople who want to seriously address the climate crisis, however, fail to grapple with the simultaneous crisis of militarism.
2078	“Even though he has been Commander in Chief for the last few years he has been unable to retrieve them.
2079	Even though I came up with a list of 'only in Louisiana' presents to send, this sounds like a wonderful and generous idea as well.
2080	Even though I continue to believe in the moral and practical superiority of the non-violent struggle, I cannot with good conscience defend its practice under all circumstances and under all political regimes.
2081	“Even though Kevin and I did the show back in September, we had no knowledge about how they edited it down.
2082	Even though she was sick, she ensured two families had everything to enjoy a huge Thanksgiving Dinner this year.
2083	Even though the vehicle has been recovered, we included photos in case someone saw the suspect driving it before or after the robbery.
2084	Eventually, after Thorne went to Dolores Garcia-Blocker, the district’s chief of staff, the school system distributed a wellness survey in 2015.
2085	Eventually, it bunny-hopped onto all the covers.
2086	Even when enormous issues are at stake, the sounds and smells of a mud-wrestling match can be easily distracting.
2087	“Even when we get to that point, there’s no bed available and there’s no place to put ’em,” says Roberts.
2088	Even without Hayward, the C’s were marching towards a first-place finish in the Eastern Conference until they encountered more bad news.
2089	Even without the facts on his side, Pompeo was said to have argued in favor of trashing the accord and ramping up the pressure on Iran, an approach Trump by many accounts is preparing to take at the next opportunity in May.
2090	Even with Ware playing well into the twilight of his career, the Broncos gave up less than half that many passing touchdowns in 2016.
2091	Even worse, these providers seem to listen to black women the least.
2092	Ever since it opened, La Med has been a staple in the ever-changing assortment of eateries that dot the Fillmore corridor.
2093	Ever since then, Captain America has been a defining force in the MCU, having led the Earth's Mightiest Heroes in Joss Whedon's Avengers: Age of Ultron, not to mention helping head up the battle strategies in the Russos' Avengers: Infinity War.
2094	Ever wonder what it would be like to live next to your favorite TV characters?
2095	Everybody, but Grand Rapids,” says Threats.
2096	“Everybody’s got the right to be happy/Everybody’s got the right to their dream,” goes the first song.
2097	‘Every child deserves to live in a safe, loving home but unfortunately that’s not always possible.
2098	“Every day, every weekend, you’re practicing.
2099	Everyday tasks should be no sweat on this NUC.
2100	Every few months, the kids come by the KPEL studios and we re-record.
2101	Every holiday brings longer police blotters and an uptick in 911 calls.
2102	Everyone can make a difference.
2103	Everyone has access to the new version of Google Search Console.
2104	Everyone in the Trump administration thinks U.S. troops are staying in Syria except the president.
2105	"Everyone thinks it's a drama if you miss games because you're injured, but it's not.
2106	Everyone thought I had gone mad.
2107	Everyone was amazed because a lot of people have lost their lives through that way.
2108	Everyone will have to be reassessed following the existing legislation and regulations.
2109	Every other state has at least some form of legal gambling.
2110	Every race is the same, just with different people.
2111	Every super villain has to start somewhere.
2112	Every team has a bunch of injuries this time of year, so an extra week off allows a lot of good things to happen on the injury front.
2113	“Everything is cold.
2114	Every time I see the word cannabis it looks like cannibal.
2115	“Every time I think about how we succeed and how we can be better, one thing is ‘What’s your brand?'
2116	“Every time we organise a recruitment event, many would turn up but most do not meet the academic requirements or fail the physical fitness test.
2117	Everywhere is becoming dangerous and it is very sad.
2118	Eve Thavhana from Duduzwane Home received donations on behalf of the home.
2119	Eve will enjoy revealing Jack to Jennifer, because she knows that Jennifer will be initially elated to see her husband alive.
2120	Evidence suggests that they may have taken in by a friendly tribe, the Croatans.
2121	Exactly the mindset we need in Zim.
2122	Exactly what Kelly knew about the allegations, and when, spurred questions and criticism.
2123	EXACTLY why I didn’t want him here Bronsexuals guna spin this though.
2124	Except that this “benefit” you want the government to give you has a cost.
2125	Except with just 131 days till 29 March, the future is pretty much now and Corbyn appeared to have no views on what choices should be on a second referendum or how he would vote if there was one.
2126	Excitement has reached fever-pitch levels back in England, with Gareth Southgate’s young team making it to the last four of a major tournament for the first time since Euro ‘96, and for the first time at a World Cup since Italy in 1990.
2127	Exhibit 01, Exhibit 02, Exhibit 03, Exhibit 04 and so on are available in the report for understanding the Metaldehyde Market completely.
2128	Expanding its geographic availability will help bring more customers into the fold, and lowering the cost of entry for VMware on AWS will have a similar effect.
2129	Expect to see a heavy dosage of him in this game.
2130	Experts advise that while cougars rarely interact with humans, it's important to be aware of your surroundings.
2131	Ex-President Kufuor's son Edward Kufuor has joined five other people who have picked nomination forms to contest the race on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party (NPP).
2132	Extensive damage was caused to both vehicles; the F150 and tent trailer were rendered inoperable and blocked Highway 3 for nearly two hours.
2133	Eyal, who advises tech companies on how to create ethical products that don't harm users, added: "For example, I'm not addicted to Facebook unless I can't stop even if I want to.
2134	Eyewitness News spoke with Gauthier’s niece, Sandy Lee Paul, over the phone Friday.
2135	EY provides clients with auditing services, tax consultancy, business consulting and transaction advisory.
2136	Facebook could blunt that algorithm or slow the company’s expansion into new markets, where it has proved most disruptive.
2137	Facebook says it’s working on a list of those issues with third-parties, though it’ll be an evolving list over time.
2138	Facebook's move to prioritize updates from loved ones sends shock waves across brands, publishers and investors.
2139	Facebook’s third-party fact-checking partners in Nigeria have committed just four full-time fact checkers to review false information, on a platform used by 24 million Nigerians.
2140	Facing questions at an Oireachtas committee yesterday, O’Brien resisted pressure to leave his position saying he wished to stay until his stated departure date to help deal with the fallout from the controversy.
2141	Factors such as frequent sexual intercourse and diabetes can increase the likelihood of an infection.
2142	Fagbemi said that some of the symptoms of high blood pressure include headache, blurred vision, dizziness and shortness of breath.
2143	Fail mark, see the teacher after class.
2144	Failure to do this will amount to a sin against God and a crime against humanity.
2145	Fairfield beat the Blue Demons in a much more competitive contest 4-2.
2146	Fairfield Community School District, no school, teachers’ professional development day.
2147	Fairgrounds Maintenance: Maintenance position for the Crook County Fairgrounds.
2148	FAIRMONT, W.Va. — A second person has been charged in a Tuesday murder near Pinchgut Hollow in Fairmont.
2149	“Fake accents… If he’s mimicking someone then I would love it, but if he speaks that way because he took a three-day trip overseas then *cringe*…”
2150	Fake documents are a DNC specialty.
2151	Fale got in on the English commentary and yelled things I couldn’t understand.
2152	FALL RIVER – Twelve middle school students from Argosy Collegiate Charter School were transported by ambulance to city hospitals after a mishap Thursday afternoon, but comments from police and a school official are that none were seriously injured.
2153	Families and activists believe that several thousand children, mostly from poor Yemeni Jewish communities, were systematically abducted by childless Jewish families of east European descent.
2154	Families of gun victims remembered the school tragedy and their own experiences as they called for more action to stem the violence.
2155	“Family Corvidae” art exhibit.
2156	Family fun ❤️ Diversion en familia pic.
2157	Famobiwo sentenced him to four months on the first count of unlawful entry and three months on the count of stealing.
2158	Fani-Kayode took to his Twitter page, to declare his support for Obasanjo’s stance.
2159	Fans chanted, “We got the Cup!” and then “Ovi!
2160	Fantastic Beasts: a crime against the Potter universe – The Mesa PressThe independent student news site of San Diego Mesa College.
2161	Faraday had to ramp up complex production of the aluminum body structure, with self-piercing rivets, aluminum-resistant spot welding, and specialized resistance welding for joining aluminum and steel panels."
2162	Farage argued that Trump’s immigration policies are significant and will change immigration for the better.
2163	“Fares have gone up a lot and you’ve seen a decrease in service, so how do you go back asking for more?” he said.
2164	Farm Boy says it is seeking to fill management, full-time and part-time positions in all departments.
2165	Farms contribute to water pollution in a range of ways: some of those are associated more closely with arable farming, and some with livestock, but it’s worth remembering that one-third of the world’s grain is now fed to animals.
2166	Farout was first observed on November 10, 2018 by astronomers using the Japanese Subaru 8-meter telescope located atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
2167	FAR’s drilling program is scheduled to begin in late 2018 and is expected to take anywhere between 40 and 120 days for its completion.
2168	Fashion designer Kouider alleged Miss Lionnet had been recruited to spy on her by her former boyfriend Mark Walton, a founding member of boy band Boyzone, in exchange for £18,000 and the promise of “fame”.
2169	Fast forward four years on and fans were beside themselves as the SATC movie finally hits the big screen, after salary negotiations talk were finalised.
2170	Fast forward to 2018, the people of Sierra Leone are now hearing of another promise of investment for Bumbuna Phase Two.
2171	Father Carl Clarke, chairman of the school board, pledged $14 million, while two donors, Mark and Cherry Campbell, gave $100,000.
2172	Father charged for allegedly assaulting son, who was later placed in medically induced coma.
2173	“Fayemi never plans to sack okada operators as he always insists, instead, he will strengthen their operations like he once did when he bought over 150 motorcycles and helmets for Okada Association Cooperative Society to improve their living conditions.
2174	Fayemi said this while speaking to State House correspondents at the Presidential Villa in Abuja.
2175	Faye Pape Mour was Osaka’s high scorer with 18 points and Rei Goda had 17. Naoya Kumagae poured in 15 points and Josh Harrellson added 13 with 16 rebounds.
2176	Fearful of economic failure, farmers are frantically trying to determine how to store a potentially 1 billion-bushel surplus until it can be sold at a decent price.
2177	Featuring 35 draft beer handles and an extensive bottle list, Tustin’s Auld Dubliner is the classic Irish pub to spend your holiday.
2178	Featuring the Tuscarawas Philharmonic, Franc D'Ambrosio and Philharmonic's adult and children's choruses.
2179	Featuring three bands of 739 brilliant-cut diamonds as a base, it's topped with leaf-like scrolls and finished with larger round diamonds on top of 149 baguette-cut diamonds.
2180	Fedee also wrote a similar post on his Facebook page about the meeting, which he said advances plans for the construction of the cruise port in the south.
2181	Feedback on “Henderson makes the bench as Ringrose returns to Ireland's centre for Scotland clash”.
2182	Feedback on “Use remaining old-season veg and store cupboard ingredients for a delicious cassoulet”.
2183	Feeding artificially concentrates deer, creating conditions increase the risk of CWD transmission.
2184	Feehan is a former U.S. Army Ranger and Iraq War veteran who served under Barack Obama as a top official at the Department of Defense.
2185	Fellow sophomore Nalani Ho-Watkins also said the vitamins help her a lot during winter, despite having lived in Eugene for seven years.
2186	Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Friday lambasted Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, for saying President Muhammadu Buhari is not supporting Fulani herdsmen.
2187	Fernandes, who gave up playing high school football this year to focus on taekwondo, has been on a rigorous schedule of training sessions – six days per week, often twice a day – and he has been competing throughout the country and abroad.
2188	Ferncliff is a state facility is for the criminally insane, so Carly will be locked up with lots of nutty, menacing characters.
2189	Ferrara says the company has since brought back former salespeople to handle the advertising accounts.
2190	Few can pull off these pants.
2191	Few days after referring to her popular interior designer, Ehi Ogbehor has taken to Instagram to apologise.
2192	Few sites can match it.
2193	Fidelity ADT sponsored hampers for each pupil that included stationery, fridge magnets, balloons and sweets.
2194	“FIFA is processing the different reports of the said match as well as potential evidence concerning the matter,” FIFA said in a statement released on its media channel.
2195	FIFA's ethics committee has imposed a four-year ban on a soccer official for accepting a bribe, reportedly from former presidential candidate Mohamed bin Hammam.
2196	Fifty years after the massacre, and almost 43 years after the communist victory reunified Vietnam, most of the rancor is gone — at least publicly — between the nations.
2197	FILE PHOTO: A used needle sits on the ground in a park in Lawrence, Massachusetts, U.S., May 30, 2017.
2198	File photo by Belle White, Photo Editor.
2199	Finally, Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of Bank of Nova Scotia by 4.7% in the second quarter.
2200	Finally a show the whole family can enjoy together.
2201	Finally, Embarcadero seafood eatery Seaside has thrown in the towel after just over a year in business.
2202	Finally, let’s talk dividends and valuation: LTC’s outsized 5.4% dividend yield (more than 3 times the size of the S&P 500’s average payout) is easily sustainable at 75% of FFO.
2203	Finally, Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Texas Roadhouse by 13.4% during the 2nd quarter.
2204	Finally police was called and door was broken down.
2205	Finally, Russo ordered deputies to tape the defendant's mouth shut, reported FOX 8 in Cleveland.
2206	Finally, the report alleges Mr. Reid approved more than $130,000 in office upgrades without a business case or approval from the board.
2207	Finally, think before you post.
2208	Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Carrols Restaurant Group by 121.6% in the third quarter.
2209	Financial exploitation is a leading form of abuse of older adults, as reported by the Upstate Elder Abuse Center at Lifespan.
2210	Finding fault with the state government for implementing IPC 506 and 507 sections, Dattatreya said that it was painful and it was nothing but suppressing the voice of the people.
2211	Findlay man at home in ‘The Last Frontier’
2212	Find out how happiness and some of life’s greatest lessons can be found in a secret garden.
2213	Find the best Android phone for photographers, budget-minders and more.
2214	Fine dining in Joburg’s Sandton area has never been better, and these are the top restaurants that should be on your radar.
2215	Fingerprints are what are known as biometric information.
2216	Fioretti later on Tuesday said that on Friday, 18 firefighters and half of the city’s 63 police officers would be laid off.
2217	Fire and emergency medical workers then arrived, ultimately freeing the unconscious man and continued efforts to save his life.
2218	Fireflies, or lightning bugs as my dad called them, are neither flies, nor bugs.
2219	First album that you ever bought?
2220	First and foremost set a budget and keep to it.
2221	“First degree is a mandatory life in Pennsylvania,” said Tutera.
2222	First Half Of April Was 4th Coldest On Record For ChicagoLast nightâ€™s snow capped one of the coldest starts to April on record for the Chicago area.
2223	First he sold supplies and within years he was an oilman.
2224	First, Kumari Susarla, former president of IACAN, spoke on her experience after losing her husband.
2225	Firstly, in your response you claim there was a dispatch error.
2226	Firstly, the tax (as you can see from the table) is applicable basically only to the difference between sale value and the cost as on 31st of January.
2227	Firstly through improved grass production, and secondly through bush-based fodder production in Namibia.
2228	Firstly, with breakfast and dinner catered for throughout the week and its provision of cleaning staff, Pollock provides a soft landing for those moving away from home for the first time.
2229	First, not only did he pray that Ruth would be rewarded by God for her faithfulness, he also answered his own prayer.
2230	“First of all, black people are afraid of therapy, but we need somebody to talk to.
2231	First of all, it’s pretty, like the monochromatic, physical manifestation of your favorite sans-serif font.
2232	“First of all, our prayers are with the Bradbury family.
2233	First of all, try to gain a good sense of their overall financial activity.
2234	First off we were excited to see the new museum brochure that board member Gina Gillispie has been working on.
2235	First on the Palestinians.
2236	First, the level of military aggression going on these days with no input from Congress or the citizenry — where you sometimes can't even know what the commandos are in, let alone what they're doing — is appalling.
2237	First, the violent attack will highlight Bolsonaro’s pledge to lift restrictions on gun purchases (purportedly to allow Brazilians to better defend themselves) and give police more discretion to use lethal force.
2238	First-year Cardinals coach Steve Wilks was impressed immediately with Fitzgerald’s leadership abilities.
2239	Fish and Game contracted with Gomez and Sullivan for that infrastructure work.
2240	Fisher had been physically gone for a year, but there she was on-screen -- leading the Resistance, floating through space to save herself and clapping back at a fiery Poe Dameron.
2241	Fisherman lands mammoth 58-pound bass in New JerseyMay 2 (UPI) -- A Pennsylvania man fishing in New Jersey said it took nearly 30 minutes to reel in a 58-pound bass he hooked in the Raritan Bay.
2242	Five candidates are running for the Republican nomination, including state Del. Nick Freitas and Prince William Board of County Supervisors Chairman Corey Stewart.
2243	Five had all listed their address in an apartment complex, where the manager told Bruno only one of them actually rents an apartment -- and it's a one-bedroom place.
2244	Five months after his church was razed, the priest tumbled over dead from a heart attack.
2245	Five property owners who allowed inspections, and where stormwater connections to the sewer system were found, have not responded to requests to schedule repairs outlined in two certified letters with the same 150-day deadline, and 60-day extension.
2246	Fixed prices by the government are always either too high or too low, which then creates disequilibrium through constant shortages or surpluses.
2247	Fixing her eyes on me, she asked if I would carry “Stephen” the rest of the way.
2248	Flanker Kolisi became the first black Test skipper of the Springboks two months ago and led them to a 2-1 home series victory over England.
2249	Fleet accounted for 23% of total sales, declining 1% year over year.
2250	Flight of the Conchords are set to embark on a tour of the U.K. and Ireland this March, a continuation of their dating back to 2016.
2251	Flood: LG moves to save Marawaji Bridge in Jigawa from…
2252	FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) â€” One-year-old Lucas Warren’s contagious smile won over executives at Gerber baby food who have made him their “spokesbaby” this year.
2253	Flowers says they will be tasked with setting up shelters for those moving to safer territory.
2254	Flying a bit blind, I predict it will be renewed for a fifth season.
2255	FMR LLC now owns 34,492,807 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $80,713,000 after purchasing an additional 1,776,005 shares in the last quarter.
2256	Focuses on the key global Surface Measurement Equipment and Tools manufacturers, to define, describe and analyze the sales volume, value, market share, market competition landscape, SWOT analysis and development plans in next few years.
2257	Focuses on the key Self Balancing Scooters manufacturers, to study the capacity, production, value, market share and development plans in future.
2258	Foecke had the third double-double of her NCAA Tournament career with 14 kills and 10 digs.
2259	Fold it very well.
2260	Follow Blue Ridge Brewing on Facebook to learn more about the Angel Tree event in the coming days.
2261	Following a competitive tendering process, the ISPCC selected Singlepoint as its digital technology partner and the company proposed a child-friendly, secure and available solution.
2262	Following missions as a genin, they go on to chonin and junin.
2263	Following proof of concept at Fraunhofer FEP, these colors were demonstrated on the first test substrates, exhibiting comparable OLED performance.
2264	Following publication of the Spruce Point report, XPO’s stock price plunged $15.77 per share, or 26.17%, to close at $44.50 on December 13, 2018.
2265	Following the debut of the that perfectly captured the soul of its namesake, many people are wondering what Disney’s Imagineers will do next.
2266	Following the discovery yesterday, the body was brought to the jetty here and handed over to police for further action.
2267	Following the drugs search two people were arrested.
2268	Following the judgement of the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja which sentenced former Governor Jolly Nyame of Taraba State to 14 years’ imprisonment, residents of Taraba have urged him to appeal the judgement.
2269	Following the meeting Chastanet said he is content with its outcome.
2270	Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 152,707 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,189,534.44.
2271	Follow their Facebook page for special hours and events.
2272	Food and drinks will be provided on the volunteer days.
2273	Foothill Oaks Elementary School’s large grass-area was quickly determined to be the safest place to land a Reach helicopter, which transported the patient to a local pediatric trauma center.
2274	For adults and older kids, a trip to a revival house is hands-down the best way to watch any movie—these flicks were for the big screen.
2275	For a few others, the movies must show depth and intricate emotions.
2276	• For a more complete list, go to lynnwoodwa.
2277	For anyone dealing with a death-related loss.
2278	“For a person making minimum wage trying to clear their reputation, it would be impossible.”
2279	For a relative pittance more, we could be talking about Sony's and the Sony Cinematic Universe.
2280	For a well paid assembly of eunuchs you get your TV time, paycheck and healthcare.
2281	For becoming a member of CICA, a state must have at least a part of its territory in Asia.
2282	For Canada’s telecom industry and the federal government in Ottawa, Huawei has long been known as an important equipment supplier – one that U.S. officials consider a significant threat to national security.
2283	For centuries, 1,000 paper cranes have been used in Asian culture to symbolize peace and good will.
2284	For company reporting, Giulietta Talevi also took home a runner-up award, while Ann Crotty did the same in the financial markets category.
2285	For decades, the only way to come close is through structured notes, or certain insurance products, which had their own drawbacks (e.g., limited liquidity, higher fees, lock-up periods, early exit fees).
2286	Ford of Canada is recognizing dealers across the country for providing a superior customer experience in sales, service and overall dealership experience.
2287	Foreign Affairs Cabinet Secretary Monica Juma says Kenya has deepened security in the country which has seen the number of terror attacks drop significantly.
2288	Foreign Secretary Johnson, who led the campaign to leave the EU in the 2016 referendum, broached the idea … (
2289	For example, Gary Cammack, the owner of Cammack Ranch Supply in Union Center, South Dakota, is worried that he will have to raise prices on steel barbed wire that he sells to area ranchers, from $60.95 a roll to as high as $67.
2290	For example, suppose someone says, “I will quit smoking;” but cannot do it.
2291	For example, you are driving down the road and come up to a stop sign.
2292	For Gambia, to succeed, it has to implement economic and financial discipline not only envisaging cutting waste across the board but inculcate a sense of pragmatism and financial prudence in all its functionaries.
2293	Forgiveness is the sacrifice of peace; and your sacrifices towards the unity and progress of this nation shall never be in vain.
2294	For glaze: Combine the confectioner’s sugar and lemon juice; spread over bars.
2295	For grades M2 through S4, this figure was nearly 1 in 4. And Bermuda is already for countries with the highest rates of cannabis use overall.
2296	For him, it’s all in a day’s work.
2297	For instance, he said if the purpose of an MPA is to protect corals and sponges, certain fishing activities that don’t involve bottom trawling wouldn’t pose a risk to that — so a complete no-take zone would be unnecessary.
2298	For instance, Ralph Nader’s big consumer victory in the Virginia Pharmacy case in 1976 would be used decades later as a precedent to justify Citizens United’s broad protection for corporate “political speech.”
2299	For instance, some ingredients are dangerous if ingested but not if they stay outside the body.
2300	For instance, the Pre-Exposure HIV Prophylaxis (PrEP) has demonstrably prevented HIV, when it is used properly.
2301	For instance, this report uses New York, United States as its reference city.
2302	“For instance throughout his long stay in Parliament, Alban Bagbin has never been caught in any scandal before; how many people can beat that?”
2303	For investors, highly efficient carry is now plentiful via short-duration, high quality, spread assets.
2304	“For Latino immigrants, it was an unfortunate and ominous year,” Cristina M. Rodriguez, a professor at Yale University, told NBC News.
2305	For long phases of play, the two Premier League players were a little too passive.
2306	For low-income riders, TriMet added, those fines can be reduced or exchanged for community service hours.
2307	For many who are in a position to be impacted by the decision, Rep. Issa’s announcement earlier this year that he would not be running for re-election came as a relief.
2308	Former Boston Red Sox closer Koji Uehara, who returned to Japan this spring with his first pro club, the Yomiuri Giants, said injuries — which had slowed Ohtani in Japan-—were the biggest danger to his development in the majors.
2309	Former Chief Minister Narayan Rane, who quit the Congress to form the Maharashtra Swabhimaan Paksh, today said that his party will contest polls in Sindhudurg district.
2310	Former DJ and morning show host Jerry Lentz loved what he did for a living.
2311	For me right now, I think it is a past thing.
2312	Former Military President, General Ibrahim Babangida has assured Nigerians that the future is bright despite the current challenges confronting the country.
2313	Former Minister of Information and Presidential Aspirant, Prof. Jerry Gana, said the time had come to give Nigeria the kind of leadership required to return it to the path of growth.
2314	Former Secretary to Government of the Federation, Olu Falae, in his opening remarks said that the coming together of the people of southern Nigeria and the Middle Belt had come at a right time as “Nigeria is now very sick.”
2315	Former Super Eagles winger, Victor Moses made his second Premier League appearance of the season in Chelsea 1-1 draw With Liverpool at the Stamford Bridge on Saturday, reports Completesportsnigeria.
2316	Former U.S. Ambassador to the Dominican Republic James “Wally” Brewster told the Blade OCt.
2317	Former U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions submitted his resignation Nov. 7. Sessions’ resignation letter starts with “Dear Mr. President, At your request, I am submitting my resignation.”
2318	Former US Republican Senator Jon Kyl is Arizona Governor Doug Ducey’s pick to fill the US Senate seat from Arizona vacated by John McCain, who died last month, the governor said on Tuesday.
2319	For months, relatives of the missing kept their anguish to themselves.
2320	For more details on applying, attend one of the upcoming information sessions, March 21st.
2321	For more information about rent prices and terms of use contact Renee Snijders from Edventure Travel at +506 8448 3355.
2322	For more information and to register, call 812-685-2447.
2323	For more information, call Lynne Nutter at 623-856-9838 or 602-740-6124.
2324	For more information contact Stephanie Groom, Program Administrator, at 515-725-1179 or at Stephanie.
2325	For more than 20 years, Liz has covered everything from crooked politicians to quirky characters from Minnesota to Florida and everywhere in between.
2326	For more than a thousand years, Kyoto was the imperial capital of Japan.
2327	For Oil traders the levels still remain the same with 65.94 and 69.49 as the major resistance levels in the current market, based off previous strong levels.
2328	For one glorious day, all of us Jews shared opinion — Purcell sucks.
2329	Forrester Creations and Spencer Publications are big deals in this fictional version of Los Angeles.
2330	For royal critics it will be interesting to see how Meghan Markle’s parenting will differ from Kate Middleton’s and whether or not it will bring the two royals closer together or further apart.
2331	For starters, states control the waters nearest to their shores, meaning any pipelines intended to bring resources onshore would likely require state approval.
2332	For starters, the outlet refers to an already debunked story that claimed Jolie and Pitt were “days away” from settling their divorce and custody agreement when she “suddenly reversed course.”
2333	For students’ safety, the website asks adults not affiliated with the walkout schools to avoid protesting with students.
2334	For Taste they are strutting their stuff with Crab Stuffed Endive, Scallops with Red Pepper Risotto, and Carolina Style Pork Sliders.
2335	For the final goal of Zionism is to take away your human desire to resist.
2336	For the first time in its history the Portuguese government will use blockchain technology to pick the winners of its GovTech iniative, which serves the UN goal of solving humanity’s problems by 2030.
2337	“For the first time since the end of World War II a chemical war agent was used in the middle of Europe.”
2338	For the fourth year in a row, Jim Parsons is the world's highest-paid TV actor, banking $26.5 million.
2339	For the man who set all this in motion, the mushroom cloud was unfolding before his very eyes.
2340	For the most part, (we can say 75 percent of it) this was a tight series.
2341	For them, this was distinguishing feature of gentrification: the families with children moved out and were being replaced by newcomers without children.
2342	For the NFL as a whole, maybe if the refs didn’t make more impact plays than the players people would still want to watch.
2343	For the sake of consistency and transparency, would it be right that, for the same post, 4 people interviewed Mr. Alagie Barrow yet 3 interviewed another applicant?
2344	“For the second time, the Aquarius, a rescue ship chartered by SOS Mediterranee and operated in partnership with Doctors without Borders, was left without a port of safety for days with dozens of survivors on board.
2345	For the subjects of Liu’s debut documentary “Minding the Gap,” skateboarding often carried similar weight.
2346	For the time being, you really have bitten off more than you can chew, so drop something and move on.
2347	For the upcoming 400th anniversary of the English settlers’ arrival, Peters says there is pressure to get the historical facts right.
2348	“For this project to move to further stages we need to make sure that an underground bus interchange would meet the needs of the public transport network, and improve the experience for users, as Canberra continues to grow over the coming decades.”
2349	For those looking for ewe and wether lambs, there will be some good lines on offer at Wickepin.
2350	For those travelling by air, some flights are delayed or cancelled at the Quebec City airport.
2351	For too long, traditional homes have been seen to mark the persistence of poverty rather than the preservation of culture, ignoring their instrumental value, Lalu said.
2352	Fort Worth Key Magazine shared The Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth's post.
2353	For upcoming retreats, visit https://www.
2354	For years, he was a headliner at an annual gathering outside Paris of Europe's largest Muslim gathering, but he wasn't at the 2017 event.
2355	“For years, major enterprise companies have wanted to hire high-quality freelance workers from all around the globe, but had no cost-effective, compliant way to do so,” said Trevor Foster, CEO of Fulcrum.
2356	For your easy reference, outlined below are links to the KPB Comprehensive Plan Update project.
2357	Founded in 1986, the Panama law firm grew into an offshore empire with more than 40 offices around the world, from the British Virgin Islands to New Zealand.
2358	Four generations of an Arran family at Montrose House.
2359	Four LCTC high school students were recognized as well.
2360	Four newly introduced buses of the Antigua and Barbuda Transport Board’s plan of obtaining 10 buses totalling $2 million, were officially added to the National School Bus System yesterday.
2361	Four of which are 72 meters high with three balconies and two minarets are 54 meters high with two balconies.
2362	Four-year-old Leaton O’Rear has been at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital receiving treatment for leukemia since May 15. His parents Hunter O’Rear and Christian Gardner are with him.
2363	Four years earlier, her fiancee, Gregory Vaughn Hill Jr., who was black, had been shot behind his closing garage door by Christopher Newman, a white Florida sheriff’s deputy responding with a partner to a complaint of loud music.
2364	Fox Sports, which is taking the feed from SuperSport in South Africa and televising the Test series in Australia, have also aired broadcast vision from shortly before the feud erupted.
2365	France have progressed through to the semi-finals of the Soccer World Cup in Russia after defeating Uruguay on Friday.
2366	Francesco Allegro from Bologna has been making all of the pasta dishes served at (by hand) since its doors opened in the Fashion District in May 2017.
2367	Francesconi said she had no issues paying for repairs at Hoosac Valley Elementary if they were to address issues that have occurred after the consolidation, however she had no interest in funding maintenance issues the town of Adams never addressed.
2368	Francis said that prayers and fasting should be offered in a particular way for the people of the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan.
2369	Franco, who also directed the film, definitely carries it on screen, but his brother Dave, who plays Wiseau’s friend Greg Sestero, does an excellent job as well.
2370	Frank and Indiana Brinton ran what was known as the Brinton Entertainment Co. Of Washington, Iowa.
2371	"Frankly, I haven't seen this commission do anything with respect to that.
2372	Frankly, I wish it done.
2373	Frankly, the $2.75 billion each one has cost is an outright bargain!
2374	“Frank Nutile is the leader of this program and does a great job.
2375	Fred A. Seaton, Secretary of the Interior, delivered the dedication address.
2376	"Freddie is a big character, and he is going to bounce back.
2377	Frederick A. Campbell, 34, of Friendship, entered his plea in July in Lincoln County Superior Court to one count of arson.
2378	Fred has also made it clear, we need to deliver, and for that reason I won’t be with the team on the GP3 weekends.
2379	Fredrickson was under the influence of LSA, LSD and “Morning Glory Seeds” when he pursued a 40-year-old woman who rejected him, police said.
2380	Free for human members and non-members pay regular garden admission.
2381	Freeing us from all of that is what Classical Liberalism was about.
2382	Free parking in the Liberty Commons parking garage on Front Street.
2383	French champions Paris Saint-Germain were also reported to be interested in signing Can who preferred a move to Italy with fellow Germans Sami Khedira and Benedikt Howedes already in Turin.
2384	Fresh FM is owned by multiple award winning gospel artiste, Yinka Atefele.
2385	Freshman Jordan Pyle attended her first Eastern women’s basketball game Saturday in Lantz Arena.
2386	Freshmen both will compete in the weight throw and shot put in their debut weekend for the Governors.
2387	Fresh to the market “McCash’s quality” consignments have been added, making the sale overall a collector’s dream.
2388	Friday at Richmond: Wayne exploded for 30 points in the fourth quarter in a 70-62 win over the host Red Devils.
2389	Friday morning, Austin-Travis County EMS reported its crews were on their way back to the scene to recover a body that is possibly related to the crash.
2390	Friedhoff says this Olympics, North Korea wins.
2391	Friendly was one of the ugliest cows on the ranch.
2392	Friends, this is how far our economic life has been wreaked by the toxic politics and policies of our sorry past; we have been left behind in the scrap heap of economic mediocrity fuelled by vainglorious political bravado.
2393	From 1995-2017 she was the owner and president of BA Designs and Superior Installation Services.
2394	From 2008 to 2014, he was the head of the Small Business Administration for Colorado.
2395	From day one it was a really, really cool relationship so I’ll miss it forever.
2396	From February 15 to 21, the country will celebrate the Chinese New Year.
2397	From June 4, this summery taste sensation will be available in Asda and wait for it, it's not ridiculously expensive.
2398	From lying to jealousy and betrayal, we’ve managed to find 21 Things That Make No Sense About Pam.
2399	From that day onwards, we stopped the worship service in the village.
2400	From the ADB to junk bond-hungry investors, Dushanbe is pulling in financial help.
2401	From the captains position to patrol officers, House said that the department generally must find a handful of new officers at certain points in the year.
2402	From their prison cells.
2403	From the masculine, yet charming men up on stage, to the production itself, you are in for a ride into a fantasy of erotic ecstasy with these male dancers.
2404	“From the moment the spacecraft reaches the point that it begins the landing, it will handle it totally autonomously.”
2405	From this collection of films came a generation of Black Hollywood that would go on to become household names in black homes and beyond: Taye Diggs, Nia Long, Morris Chestnut, Vivica A. Fox, Omar Epps, Sanaa Lathan, Gabrielle Union and more.
2406	“From us hookers we’ve got to take more ownership on that as well,” said Faingaa of the team's lineouts.
2407	“From what we hear, they’re expecting to increase that number, and as of right now, about 35 percent of their employees are currently Somerville residents.
2408	Front-office types also like Hosmer’s clubhouse mojo.
2409	"(Froome) has the right to operate in a safe environment.
2410	Fuentes is now looking forward to graduating high school and continuing the Never Again movement.
2411	Fulani herdsmen have killed 32 people in communities in Dekina and Omala Local Government Areas of Kogi State.
2412	Full day VODS for both can be found on the links.
2413	Fuller won’t be around for any of the games after that one either.
2414	Funding what seem like speculative, nonessential projects feels hard to justify, but of course not doing so can cost you dearly in the long term.
2415	FundYourselfNow (CURRENCY:FYN) traded flat against the dollar during the 24 hour period ending at 10:00 AM Eastern on September 24th.
2416	Funeral services will be held at 7:00 PM Friday, January 19, 2018 in the East Chapel of Appalachian Funeral Home, 800 E. Watauga Avenue, Johnson City with Rev. Dexter Brummitt and Rev. Wayne Mottern officiating.
2417	Further complicating matters, key segments of the parties’ respective political bases quickly expressed concerns.
2418	Further, forgetting its high decibel rhetoric against “dynastic” politics, it fielded two of the three Reddy brothers and six of their relatives in the election.
2419	Furthermore, I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention ‘Lethal Weapon’ is receiving because of these incidents.
2420	Furthermore, NFSC chant is a medley of folkloric and religious songs in the three major Nigerian languages of Igbo, Hausa and Yoruba.
2421	Furthermore, Peter was quite clear in Acts 2:38 that this baptism was to be performed in the name of Jesus Christ.
2422	Furthermore, these same state organizations would have to put more money and give guarantees to banks for a much higher amount to complete the hotel.
2423	Further south on Bank Street, graffiti is an ongoing problem but the Glebe BIA is quick to clean it up, even if it’s on a second storey or higher, said executive director Andrew Peck.
2424	Futerfas disputed that the charity rally had any ulterior motives – and said that it was a positive change from politics as usual.
2425	Gabi changed Abigail’s paternity test results so Abigail would think that Chad’s (Billy Flynn) baby was really Stefan’s.
2426	Gaduje’s summon is contained in a letter, dated Wednesday, October 31, 2018, addressed to him and already received by his office, in Government House Kano, the State capital.
2427	Galamsey has become the test for competence in the management of the expectations of Ghanaians and a “trojan horse” for governments in the past four decades.
2428	Galliano’s cites his choice to go vegetarian as a reason to quit including fur in his collections.
2429	Galpin also noted the work of Sadie Barnette in the exhibition.
2430	Galvan arrived from Mexico at five.
2431	Game one of the semi-final got underway on February 23, and started off with an 8-1 win for the Alliston team.
2432	Gaming companies are applauding the Gaming Act, which comes into force on July 1 and will allow them to operate with one licence across various platforms.
2433	Gap earns the No. 13 rank among its peers in the Retail-Apparel/Shoes/Accessories industry group.
2434	Gap Inc.'s sales were flat in the third quarter, but the Gap brand reported that comparable sales were down 7%.
2435	Gardai did not indicate whether the alleged suspect, who has not been named, had been questioned.
2436	Garda Ryan told prosecution barrister, Pauline Walley SC, that the victim was living and working in Ireland for the summer of 2016.
2437	Garry Ringrose had the crowd standing again moments later with a chip in behind the Kiwi defence.
2438	Gates: I think so.
2439	Gauss made his son leave Germany for America and told him he couldn’t be a mathematician so that he didn’t diminish the family name.
2440	GAZA BORDER (Reuters) - As plumes of tear gas drift across the Israeli no-go zone inside Gaza's border fence, Palestinian protesters dart between them, relying on an array of home-made devices to keep out the fumes.
2441	Gearrin, who went 4-3 with a 1.99 ERA in 68 outings covering 68 innings, goes from a $1,050,000 salary to $1,675,000 for this coming season.
2442	General admission is $5 and free for museum members.
2443	General Motors is taking a big step that way with an all-new Chevrolet Silverado unveiled Saturday night ahead of Detroit’s big auto show.
2444	General Motors’ ubiquitous V8 engine fits almost anywhere!
2445	Generics may not be the best choice for all dairy products, though.
2446	Gen. Jonathan Vance, the chief of the defence staff, says that’s why he is taking a closer look at how things could be sped up withoutJoin now or log in to keep reading.
2447	Gentrup scored on a passed ball and Caden Ranslem drove in Sullivan with a single.
2448	George Barrios, Co-President, added: “During the second quarter, we generated a 79% increase in Adjusted OIBDA.
2449	George Bush Sr was described as an ‘empathetic man’ who could ‘relate to people from all walks of life’.
2450	George Duke-Cohan, 19, was arrested in his bedroom in Watford after sending thousands of emails to schools across the UK in March this year.
2451	George E. Doolittle Jr. — 4 p.m., Blythfield Memorial Gardens, Belmont.
2452	George H.W. Bush signed a copy of "All the Best, George Bush" for Regula.
2453	George Koh, also a model reportedly confirmed to the deceased that he slept with his girlfriend.
2454	George was preceded in death by his parents and sister, Bonnie Warner Snyder.
2455	Geraldine Thomas, 54, spent the money on all inclusive breaks to Egypt – after lying that she lived alone.
2456	Gérard Depardieu as Robert Taro and Benoît Magimel as Lucas Barrès compete again for the love of Marseille.
2457	German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for younger members of her party to fill ministerial positions in the new government.
2458	German duo Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot won a gold medal at the pair skating event in Winter Olympics 2018, PyeongChang.
2459	Germany is also generally averse to military action abroad.
2460	Germiston mothers celebrated this past Motherâ€™s Day with a cake-decorating fun day.
2461	Get a glam makeover to make sure her husband only had her on his mind!
2462	Get involved and call 0407 857 991.
2463	“Get outside of that, and you get into the learning zone.”
2464	Getting a discussion started could be close to impossible.
2465	Getting to know each player has been paramount to the success of the linebacking group.
2466	GET two Bannisters cheese & bacon potato skins for £2 in Tesco.
2467	“Get your ass up!
2468	Ghana midfielder Kwadwo Asamoah produced another spectacular performance as Inter Milan beat French side Lyon in the International Champions Cup.
2469	Ghana's central midfielders Appiah and Michael Essien worked their socks off to negate the threat of Nedved and Rosicky.
2470	Ghana would be hoping to retain the Yellow Jersey with stiff opposition from countries like Switzerland, France, Burkina Faso and host nation - Côte d’ Ivoire.
2471	Giants’ Pat Shurmur, Tom Coughlin Different In Style, Not Substance « CBS New YorkWatch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows.
2472	Gilead Sciences comprises approximately 4.0% of Vishria Bird Financial Group LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 11th biggest position.
2473	Gilliver beat Lubbe 2/1 and Sole beat Steinhobel 2/1, evening a small score from when Steinhobel beat him when playing for Royal Durban a few years ago.
2474	Gingle Bell Gin features baubles filled with Australian Dry Gin sourced from distiller Reg Papps.
2475	Gino said his success is proof that people should follow their dreams, no matter how far-fetched they may seem.
2476	Ginsburg originally started working out with Johnson twice a week to rebuild her strength after being treated for colorectal cancer, but has kept up the practice for nearly 20 years.
2477	Girls have very advanced senses, and she will notice everything that is not in its proper place.
2478	Given her track record it appears she is unable to do her job but I’m sure her “boss” will say she is a “World-class Civil Servant”.
2479	Given how hard it is to get a QB the Buccs will keep him.
2480	Given how much material was reportedly cut out of to trim it down to a lean two hours (including credits), there's no shortage of bonus scenes that could be included on the home media release.
2481	Given how that game is still best remembered today for a serious logistical failing, it’s much more flattering to call that contest a bowl game dress rehearsal.
2482	Given significant opposition from Republican leadership, it was all but impossible for Democrats and a handful of socially liberal Republicans to garner the two-thirds necessary to override LePage’s veto in the Democratic-led House of Representatives.
2483	Given the long period of time that passed between reincarnations, it does make it seem like there was something missing here.
2484	Given the rainy weather in the region the past couple of weeks, the East Bay Regional Park District is issuing its annual warning to avoid certain wild mushrooms that can be harmful or fatal to people and pets.
2485	Giving back in this way is also an important part of my own healing process.
2486	Giving him a theme song that sounds like a high school metal band trying to cover Baltimora's "Tarzan Boy" is just kicking him while he's down.
2487	“Giving is how people show affection—by giving gifts.
2488	Giving us a game mode where this awful weapon is our only option seems like a curse.
2489	Glad my running mate Lt. Gov. will be there to greet you when you arrive in our great state.
2490	Glad that nasty-haired dipshit is quitting Congress, because we are very tired of smelling him.
2491	“Glad to finally be able to share this news with you guys.
2492	Gleeman: hissatsu: Gleeman: Theaetetus: I mean, it's even in Comic Sans, for crissake.
2493	Global artists will come together until February 25 for 48 performances.
2494	Global refugee compact to mobilize support…
2495	Global Torque Screwdriver Market 2023 : Key Players, Industry Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Supply Chain.
2496	Goals are great to have; be it in your career, relationship or life in general.
2497	Go back to all you regular duties law abiding citizens.
2498	God bless these cities for stepping up and doing the right thing.
2499	God brought us here, and I know it’s for a reason.
2500	God knows how hard we tried to do the moral thing and take the other person’s feelings into consideration while still taking care of ourselves.
2501	God will definitely reward you.
2502	God willing I will.
2503	Goetschober told the magazine via a transport ministry spokesman that he had no knowledge of the songbook and “categorically” rejected its contents.
2504	Going forward whenever one member is speaking or issuing instructions directly, it is your duty to put in on email, for record, to both the members and you can’t go ahead with instructions from only 1 CoA member.”
2505	Going into the Olympics women’s hockey quarterfinals, the Olympic Athletes from Russia had yet to pick up a win.
2506	Golden data refers to specific data which has been reviewed by a human (with multiple experts) to ensure that, for a certain input into the machine learning system, there is a single expert-agreed correct output.
2507	Goldman is a leech who is trying to profit off his own sons death.
2508	Gold medalist Inbee Park of Korea poses on the podium during the medal ceremony for Women’s Golf on Day 15 of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games at the Olympic Golf Course on August 20, 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
2509	Go make that announcement.”
2510	Good advice-but still, don't eat your placenta.
2511	Goodbye, Peter Strzok, your services are no longer necessary in Putin's America!
2512	Good luck, my child.
2513	Good, more playing time for Godchaux and Taylor.
2514	Good on you, Canada.
2515	Good planning and cooperation between the various parties played a major role in the implementation of the project.
2516	Good talks underway with EU+2 to save JCPOA - Mehr News Agency https://en.
2517	Good to see bunches of people with placards on the street in Newport today against abortion.
2518	Google announced that from coming July, the websites which are slower will head to a lower position in the search results.
2519	Google has remained tight-lipped about what triggered the removal.
2520	Google self-driving cars are parked outside the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif.
2521	Google was the biggest spender of the group.
2522	GOPlaya will help you plan the perfect beach getaway to hidden gems like Playa Penca.
2523	Gordon Ramsey reminded fans that help "is just a phone call away".
2524	Go there once it rains, and you’ll observe that that we suggest the both of you will feel as if you are walking in heaven.
2525	Government existing solely for the purpose of taxation, and when there is no one willing to go along with it….
2526	Government needs to really step up to the plate and really hold these companies accountable so that nothing like this happens again in the future,” Williams said.
2527	Government opted for Mwalawanga after rejecting Nyala Mine’s extension of its 10-year mining licence.
2528	Government statistics show that more than 300,000 blue-collar workers lost jobs in Saudi Arabia in the first nine months of 2017 alone.
2529	Government wants to be able to control how companies such as Facebook operate, and they want to stop those companies undermining the tax revenue base.
2530	Government wants Zimra to collect as much revenue as possible to fund various infrastructure projects across the country, so as to avoid the costly loans provided by financial institutions.
2531	Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday signed a law giving 70-year-old Craig Richard Coley $140 for each day he was in prison.
2532	Gov. Mahamat Saleh told Reuters that the attackers came into the village of Mayerom in Lake Chad region after dark on Thursday and slit the farmers’ throats.
2533	Govt should provide rehabilitation of surrendered militants to prevent return to militancy: Arabinda Rajkhowahttps://indianexpress.
2534	Graduate students in the top 10% of the number of candidates for graduate degrees may also qualify, as do faculty, professional staff and alumni who have achieved scholarly distinction.
2535	Graduation time is here and the Daily Republic would like to offer the opportunity to capture some of the excitement and memories of this very special occasion.
2536	GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. – A Colorado university is offering to reprint up to 9,200 diplomas after the outgoing editor of the school newspaper found a big typo.
2537	GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (AP) — The international ArtPrize competition has announced the schedule and advisory committee for the first in a new series of Michigan art events.
2538	Grant agreed to all of this.
2539	Grant DeGrasse and Morgan Wadlow both go for the dig during the semifinals match against Long Beach City College at Fullerton College in Fullerton, Calif. on April 26, 2018.
2540	Granted, it’s still early days, but given the company has already confirmed some of the phone’s specs, it would seem as good a time as any to let us know wireless charging is on the way.
2541	Grant settled a phone-hacking damages claim against Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN) at the High Court.
2542	GrapeTree Medical Staffing among fastest-growing U.S. staffing firms - Business Record Search only accepts letters and numbers.
2543	Gräzin is taking over Kallas' mandate in early September this year.
2544	Greater flexibility decreases your chance of injury during weightlifting or any other sport or physical activity.
2545	Great Names of Russia, a nationwide competition, invited residents of dozens of Russian cities vote on a local hero for their airport to be named after.
2546	Great story lines and a wonderful cast!
2547	Green Bay’s sparse D ate him up every time they faced him.
2548	Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young has led this charge but over the past year she has been one of many women in Parliament to name and shame those who use sexist bullying as a political tactic and a cheap bid to grab attention.
2549	Greenville Department of Public Safety Officer Josh McConkie signs his name on a custom lowrider bicycle constructed by Greenville resident Ryan Russell.
2550	Gregory said part of the appeal for Poetry and Chill is that it highlights a frequently overlooked art form.
2551	Greinke came to the Dback after three seasons with the Dodgers.
2552	Greitens added: "The mistake that I made was that I was engaged in a consensual relationship with a woman who was not my wife.
2553	Greizmann has a free kick just outside of the box and it’s another great opportunity for France.
2554	Groups including the American Farm Bureau filed an appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia.
2555	Growing up, the bride visited the resort once a year with her family and had a huge map of Disneyland on her bedroom wall.
2556	GTU President Mark Lyte confirmed by telephone that the union would not attend the meeting.
2557	Gucci's Marmont bag has become a solid best seller in recent years.
2558	Guests and audience members agreed that the need for continued discussion and recognition of these disproportionately targeted indigenous women is necessary to solving their cases.
2559	Guests can skate, take a sleigh ride and check out ice carvings and fire sculptures.
2560	Guilt would be based on at least a 75 percent likelihood of committing the crime, as opposed to the previous 50 percent standard.
2561	Gullo says no homes were affected and he’s just glad the ice broke off overnight, when there were hardly any cars on the road.
2562	Gun activist Dan Roberts has said he is hoping to take legal action against comedian Sacha Baron Cohen after he was tricked into putting a sex toy in his mouth during an appearance on Who Is America?
2563	Gun rights advocates are wary that red-flag laws could lead to even broader government power to confiscate guns.
2564	Gura spent the night at the Flagler County jail and was released this afternoon on $5,000 bond.
2565	Gustavo Petro, presidential candidate, speaks during a press conference after knowing the results of the legislative elections in Bogota, Colombia March 11, 2018.
2566	Guyana, since 2014, had informed the UNSG of its decision to abandon the Good Offices process and urged the involvement of the ICJ—a proposal now opposed by Venezuela.
2567	Guyger lived one floor below Botham Jean and told police she confused his apartment with her own Sept. 6 and thought he was a burglar.
2568	Guy in my HS chemistry class suggested the same thing as a mnemonic device for remembering Find over Know in some equation for something.
2569	Guys just talked to each other more."
2570	H-1B visa not clicking for you?
2571	Had Bokk, say, managed to average his 1.17 points-per-game as a WHL rookie, he wouldn’t be far behind CHL imports Andrei Svechnikov and Filip Zadina near the top of this year’s draft class.
2572	Hadid lashes out at the 'extreme and outrageous conduct' of Vasquez and her unnamed co-defendants saying he has 'suffered loss to his business reputation, as well as shame, mortification and anxiety….
2573	Had it not been for a small error last year, the team would be looking to make its second straight appearance at nationals this weekend.
2574	Had there been no gunfight, militants wouldn’t have been wiped out.”
2575	Had to explain it to his kid.
2576	Hajin is a city in eastern Syria.
2577	Hakuho overpowered fellow yokozuna Kisenosato in a marquee showdown on Friday and remains undefeated after 13 straight days at the Autumn Grand Sumo Tournament.
2578	Halifax Regional Police officers have arrested a taxi driver following an alleged hit-and-run.
2579	Hall of Fame quarterback Troy Aikman said Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson gave “phenomenal” talks to the team in the week leading up to Super Bowl XXVII against Buffalo; a different theme each day.
2580	'Halloween' billboard hijacked by GOP artist, replacing Michael Myers with Maxine Waters https://t.
2581	Hampton’s company became a part of Americana Holdings last year.
2582	Handing out school supplies was one way the base wanted to give parents some relief from the day-to-day concerns.
2583	Hand in Hand maintains a national network domestic employers and their employees, and advocates for policy changes for the rights of domestic workers.
2584	Handling is still swell among minivans, though some of us are fonder now of the new Honda Odyssey.
2585	Handmade sign at dinner table.
2586	Hansen had limited resources to choose from with most of the squad’s Japan internationals in Miyazaki with Sunwolves and Japan head coach Jamie Joseph and assistant Tony Brown preparing for this month’s tests against Italy and Georgia.
2587	“Happy Birthday Dad, you’re more than I could have asked for.
2588	Happy Father’s Day: Here’s how south Indian actors celebrated the day.
2589	Harare magistrate, Tilda Mazhande granted the variation after Chombo, through his lawyer, Lovemore Madhuku, argued the stringent bail conditions were inhibiting his farming activities.
2590	Hard to differentiate when it comes to Dallas.
2591	Hardy hit a Side Effect for two.
2592	Harmon said the visit will be short and further details team members will be provided shortly.
2593	Harmon was the winner of the 15th season of American Idol.
2594	Harter informed the Council that the company “chose to do a pop-up in Redondo Beach over the next few days to demonstrate our service to your community members — many of whom we’ve received emails from asking us when Bird would arrive.”
2595	Hart Funeral Home in Blackshear is in charge of arrangements.
2596	Hartley returned to the England set-up for a three-day get-together in Teddington having missed the summer series defeat by South Africa but he has not played since England’s Six Nation defeat by Ireland in March.
2597	“Has the applicant already received some city officials’ consent for the fate of this property?
2598	Hatch told that Romney would be "perfect" for the Senate.
2599	Have a means of communication with other members of your group and set radio check-in times as not to disturb the hunt,” recommends Felix.
2600	Have a peek at the timeline below for more clues on what’ll be coming from Apple later this year.
2601	Have a plan to deal with your feelings – Try to surround yourself with people who care about and support you—family, friends, or church members.
2602	Haven't lived in California for six years, still works.
2603	Have you been injured in an accident?
2604	Having a bigger zone of influence now, the SCO has finally come of age.
2605	Having a low credit score (a score below the mid-600s) can cost you big time.
2606	Having a strong pelvic floor increases erectile strength, ejaculatory control and the strength of your orgasms.
2607	Having dropped in value and ownership, now could be a good time to pick up the Palace forward.
2608	Having taken the decision to privatise Air India, the Modi government is now moving towards handing over Air India to a foreign airline.”
2609	"Having two days off and not having had a brutal semi-final will help him a lot.
2610	Having won the penalty, the former Watford man stepped up and duly converted from the spot; firing home into the left corner of the net to send the home fans into delirium.
2611	Hawai’i tied it back up to start the second quarter scoring, but Liebowitz scored her second goal of the game with 5:33 to go in the half.
2612	HAWAII - Tropical Storm Lane is on a course for the Central Pacific and could veer in the direction of Hawaii next week.
2613	Hawking’s whole life was a tour-de-force, every single day a complicated life-sustaining logistical operation that he overcame with the help of his carers, by the sheer force of his personality, and with his unique brand of mischief.
2614	Hawkins often toured with his younger and equally successful singing brother, Walter, and Walter’s then-wife, Tramaine, as The Hawkins Family in the 1970s.
2615	He accused zoning proponents of striving to protect their “parochial economic interests “, alleging that majority of them are senior citizens who are apprehensive of their political fate in the coming years.
2616	Head Coach Jason Oller making his was to White Stadium during last Saturday’s scrimmage.
2617	He added AIT Chairman Ranjit Kaur had been summoned by the inquiry commission to appear on Thursday, but it was his off day.
2618	He added: “I am very disappointed by the decision.
2619	He added: “I can assure our fans that everything is in place pertaining to our CAF participation.
2620	He added: “It’s a big, old-fashioned Hollywood monster movie with amazing characters, a lot of humour and all I care about as a director is people have fun.
2621	He added: “My sense of this is that it is an enabling change and there is absolutely no intention to move staff, but if staff want to help this will make it easier.”
2622	He added: “Nigerians can also check their status on our website via http://voterreg.
2623	He added that CFBC students will play an integral role in helping the industry further deliver measurable benefits to citizens and the economy at large.
2624	He added that growing up with parents from the “Greatest Generation” imbued him with a sense of responsibility and service to country that is becoming increasingly absent in our political discourse and structure.
2625	He added that, “It’s not as if the place would be left for people to come and do commercial activities; there would be twenty-four hour security by the 48 Engineers Regiment to ward off unwanted persons.”
2626	He added that now large number of farmers were turning defaulters due to which banks were being forced to file criminal cases as there is huge pressure on bank officials to recover loans and civil procedure takes time.
2627	He added that the air quality problems could be solved in the medium term “if and when more vehicles with new exhaust standards entered the car pool”.
2628	He added that the state government has embraced open data and open governance since 2013, and has domesticated the Fiscal Responsibility and the Public Finance Management laws.
2629	He added: “The Chinese Yuan, on the other hand, was for Renminbi denominated Letters of Credit.”
2630	He added: “The rankings illustrate the fact that journalists in East Africa are facing serious threats in the course of their work, falling standards of constitutionalism and challenges to the rule of law.
2631	Heading To The Rams Home Opener?
2632	Headmaster Peter Hauser wrote to parents on July 17 informing them of the two incidents on successive days the week before.
2633	Head of School Ralph Wales acknowledged in June that the school was looking into several claims.
2634	Head over now to the to enter the Air Jordan 8 raffle.
2635	Head to nearby Black Star Farms, where each Friday this month you can savor an intimate three-course dining experience featuring delicious fare from award-winning chef Lance Griffus for $45.
2636	He allegedly conveyed that the complainant was not willing to testify despite initiating the matter which she reported to Zimbabwe Women’s Lawyers Association, former President Robert Mugabe and senior police officers.
2637	He also allegedly slashed her tires in 2017.
2638	He also anticipates rate increases and for areas to be reclassified as high risk.
2639	He also declared the approach is no gimmick and said the club will only go ahead with the signing if Bolt proves himself during the trial.
2640	He also dismissed the charges of corruption and said the PM must have “said it to enthuse BJP workers”.
2641	He also has averaged 1.2 more yards per carry.
2642	He also launched a smartphone app designed to protect children against cyberbullying.
2643	He also makes people think with his advice.
2644	He also mentions that Tanish was very partial about Deepthi Sunaina and tried to influence her game to date.
2645	He also noted that the street lighting will not be scheduled until spring and the final plat cannot be approved until all testing is done and the streetlights are in place.
2646	He also notes that in the fight against ‘bias’ it’s not trying to remove all opinion from the web, but merely to inform readers when it’s there.
2647	“He also requested that the GMSA explore other avenues and make suggestions with financial analyses, rather than making broad statements, since the GRA’s analysis, using return submissions, has revealed a negligent impact on the industry,” it added.
2648	He also said he doesn’t anticipate problems working with the supervisors and the sheriff’s office, stating that he has “always maintained a good working relationship with them” even through the removal process which began nearly two years ago.
2649	He also said he doesn't know how Northcross got his phone number, but said it's possible he found it online.
2650	He also said he’s comfortable with Brady’s ongoing employment because the former teacher had never been charged with a crime.
2651	He also said he traveled to the U.S. from his home country with one of the caravan groups, which have said they were coming to the U.S. to apply for asylum at the border.
2652	He also said that around 60 militants have surrendered since the beginning of the operation and that the wounded among them have received treatment.
2653	He also said that the Houston Police Department has a history of using excessive force.
2654	He also said the TSIMDC officials should think whether they can form rock sand clusters in the places under its purview.
2655	He also served as an officer in the U.S. Army for approximately four years, during which he served as a member of the 75th Ranger Regiment and the 173rd Airborne Brigade.
2656	He also thanked the public for their messages of support for him.
2657	He also was active in Republican politics and served as Missouri campaign chairman for George W. Bush’s 2004 re-election campaign.
2658	He also wrapped the B13 Class in second spot behind Tundo.
2659	HEALTHCARE: Sign-ups for the newly created Obamacare health insurance exchanges began as scheduled in 2013.
2660	Health care workers can more effectively treat, monitor and transport their patients in a well-designed bed.
2661	Health Ministry spokesman Khaled Megahed told The Associated Press that two policemen were killed and five others wounded in today’s explosion.
2662	“Healthy discussion and debate is the backbone of a functional democracy.
2663	He and Lundberg, whom he met on Backpage.
2664	He appreciated the risk of “not allowing them to give the pitch.”
2665	He arrived today in a big way.
2666	Heart attack risk '17 times higher for seven days after catching flu'
2667	HeartBout can be purchased on these cryptocurrency exchanges: Livecoin and Mercatox.
2668	He asked other PDP members to also become “born again, remorse and repentant.
2669	He asked those attending mass to pray for healing in Irish society.
2670	He averred that the executive and the judiciary which are the other arms of government as part of their conditions of service are supplied vehicles at no cost to them but wondered why in the case of parliamentarians they are made to take loans.
2671	He began contributing to in 2017.
2672	He believes it is not right for players to hold on to their contracts while there have not been official matches played.
2673	He bought another fixer-upper in the Plaza-Midwood neighborhood.
2674	He broke his 997 minute Old Trafford goal drought in the Red Devils 4-1 hammering of Fulham on Saturday and now has two goals in his last three matches for Mourinho's men.
2675	He called for everybody to be bold to report any trouble maker, out there to mar the beauty, sanctity and significance of the festival, to the law enforcement agencies.
2676	He came here to tell her he loved her after they got into a fight.
2677	He can do it by starting an NGO (non-government organisation).
2678	He can do that and play well enough.
2679	He cannot be more than 24 other Honourable members.
2680	He chatted up people sitting on their porches relaxing, like a 67-year-old self-professed alcoholic who called himself “Bones” and who apologized for his halitosis, and a guy recently out of jail.
2681	Heck, he may be spending this year to determine what he wants to major in. And if he does well enough, bigger and better colleges may show more interest.
2682	He coached us in football and always accompanied us when we played our matches.
2683	He commended President Buhari for the gesture saying it would assist in saving lives and property.
2684	He completed just 37.5 percent and 57.5 percent of his throws respectively.
2685	He continued the tradition when he was assigned to St. Joseph Cathedral in 1984.
2686	He’d be really drunk sometimes and he’d shout at me, telling me off for going to church.
2687	“(He) decided he wants to try something different and we’re certainly sorry to have him go,” Perzanoski said.
2688	HedgePath Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialization of therapeutics for patients with cancers in the United States.
2689	He did anyway, and moved in with his wife and four young children.
2690	He did not say when the alleged threats took place.
2691	“He doesn’t quit and it is something that stuck with me and gave me the motivation to finish the challenge.
2692	He enjoyed gardening after leaving the farm and had a special affinity towards animals, especially horses, cows, and dogs.
2693	He enjoys having the opportunity to learn from someone who has competed and coached in the NFL.
2694	He even boasted publicly on a national television that he is a frequent visitor to the seat of power and a close friend of the president.
2695	He even started to track what kinds of videos surface when you search terms like “Is the Earth flat or round?” and “vaccine facts.”
2696	He exhibited nearly 70 models through which he emphasized on Gandhi’s vision of ‘Swadeshi’.
2697	He expects to be ready to go in training camp.
2698	He expressed hopes for an outcome that would meet the "hope and desire of the nation."
2699	He expressed surprise that the police whose duty it is to help the government to enforce laws were seeking to proscribe a law legitimately enacted by a state.
2700	He failed in his reelection bid against a little-known Democratic governor from Arkansas, Bill Clinton, in 1992.
2701	He fathered her children who were humble, simple and obedient.
2702	He first pulled on a Worcester shirt as a six-year-old as a mini-player 23 years ago and hopes to end his career at the club where it all began.
2703	He further called on people in senior positions in the public sector to consider joining the institute for them to be part of the highly professional team working towards inculcating good corporate governance practices in Zambia.
2704	"He gave a great non-answer," said Dallas lawyer Dominique Torres.
2705	He got annoyed and told my brother to bring the money himself and let him see how my brother will come back alive, that he will shoot his two legs.
2706	He graduated from Penn State University and was employed at St. Joe Resources in Monaca, PA before moving to East Tennessee.
2707	“He had a quarrel with his step father who tried to make him responsible when he pulled a gun to kill him.”
2708	He had been quite a funny guy and his friendship with an elderly woman he could workout with had been sweet to watch.
2709	He had contracted an extremely rare type of lung cancer and was so ill his family had him christened as he lay in his hospital bed on Easter Sunday, 2016.
2710	He had hoped for the trial to be in November, he said, after Manafort faces a jury in the District.
2711	He had sustained a gunshot wound in his left eye.
2712	He has a cause he’s passionate about.
2713	He has a deep love for the state of Texas, as he played for Texas A&M during his college days.
2714	He has also directed his deputy Keshav Prasad Maurya and minister Neelkanth Tiwari to visit the spot.
2715	He has a prior engagement: He’s finally having his neck circumcised.
2716	He has been acting very respectfully and never tried even once to hit on me.
2717	He has been the President of Equatorial Guinea since 1979, and he is only the second president in the country’s history.
2718	He has done a lot for our country.
2719	He has extensive experience defending those charged with cannabis offences and has also worked with organizations across the cannabis industry.
2720	He has followed in the footsteps of Bernard Hinault and Eddy Merckx by holding all three tours at once.
2721	He has learned what pitch to throw on certain counts.
2722	He has obviously continued to write his column for the past 20 years, and he and his powerful friends in journalism cast him as the victim in this situation.
2723	He has said his government could revisit the project once Malaysia restores its finances.
2724	“He has that passion and drive to succeed.
2725	He has time to grow.
2726	He has touted Saudi arms deals worth billions of dollars to the U.S. and recently thanked Saudi Arabia for plunging oil prices.
2727	He has won numerous championships, and is continuing to wrestle even though he was “retired” a couple of years ago.
2728	He held up a small pile of it in a container and tried to light it aflame, but to no avail.
2729	He holds a bachelor’s degree from Lincoln Memorial University, is married and resides in Tazewell.
2730	He holds a PhD in Economics from Auburn University.
2731	He, however, said that there was no specific evidence to show it.
2732	“He is always going to be an attacking player but reading of the situation when one is playing red ball cricket is required.
2733	“He is a quiet boy.
2734	He is arguably the best defensive player in NBA history and he turned shot blocking into a thing of beauty.
2735	He is a service advisor for Parkway Ford in Winston-Salem.
2736	He is close to the Mercer family of GOP megadonors.
2737	“He is my young brother and we are coming from Makululu,” Mpundu hastily says as she waits for Chola to catch up with her.
2738	He is one of the greatest artists and we and his thousands of fans here will miss seeing him tour down under."
2739	He is preceded in death by his brother in-law Loren (Buddy) Eskelson, Siblings: Dorothy Douglas, Minert Rinken, Virgal Rinken, Ben Rinken, Viola Head, Henrietta Carey and parents Ben and Minnie Rinken.
2740	“He is strong, good with his head, fast, good with his feet, can score with one touch, he can dribble.
2741	He is survived by his wife, Jane Adams; brothers, Stephen and Daniel Adams; and nephews, Kyle and Joel Adams.
2742	He is the first foreigner to hit the over 100 games mark and his 41 goals will go down in the history of Liaozu.
2743	He is utterly honest, refusing to hide behind complicated technical procedures.
2744	He is widely regarded as one of the foremost filmmakers in cinematic history and has directed more than 40 feature-length films.
2745	Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC increased its position in Sunstone Hotel Investors by 51.0% during the second quarter.
2746	He just messaged me – I’d put up some quote and he messaged saying: “Ooh that’s deep” and then we started chatting.’
2747	He just needs to chill out.
2748	He knows how recruiting works.
2749	He knows who you are.
2750	He laments how algos and quants have changed the game.
2751	He later eats dinner with his accomplice and goes back to a hotel, where footage shows him smiling and laughing.
2752	He later played at San Francisco State University.
2753	He later told CNN’s Manu Raju, “The Trump movement is real … he will be our nominee, I’m confident of that, and I will support him.”
2754	He lauded the province's government for having come up with the idea of giving land out rapidly, saying it was the best way to address the growing housing crisis.
2755	Held at the beautiful Harvest Barn Wedding and Event Venue, FSS Gone Austin is an evening of music, silent auctions, food and friends.
2756	Helen Blackburn is a retired teacher, avid gardener and a long-time contributor to The Creemore Echo.
2757	Helene Beesly (better known simply as "Pam's Mom") was introduced in the second season of the show when she appeared to talk to her daughter about her upcoming wedding.
2758	Helen Nelson kicked a penalty and Martin added a conversion for the home side.
2759	Helen’s clearly intends that its patrons eat the entrees with their hands.
2760	Helgeson Drainage has estimated that work on Drainage District 1 Sub 1 will cost $21,000.
2761	He lied again, they argued, when he testified in his own defense at the trial.
2762	He likened Brock’s desire to Kurt Angle’s WWE Championships while being an Olympic gold medalist.
2763	He’ll be standing completely nude on camera, so Mariah (Camryn Grimes) will do her best to cover him up.
2764	He'll join such artists as under his new label home.
2765	He loved antique cars and building them from top to bottom, crabbing and fishing at Colonial Beach, Virginia, and was a huge NASCAR fan.
2766	"He may be going into a second surgery.
2767	Hemorrhoids have a number of causes but can also result from straining during bowel movements.
2768	“Hemp is truly one of the most nutritionally abundant food sources on the planet.
2769	He must stay in his Calgary home under a curfew, is banned from driving, and surrendered his passport.
2770	Hence the sight of Helen, accelerating off to work, away from her justly abandoned man, in her black mask, her long tall boots, and her empowering outfit, as tight as a second skin.
2771	Hence the Su-57 is expected to have better maneuverability.
2772	He notched a No. 1 album in March with his sophomore effort “?‘
2773	He noted that potential growth rates keep getting revised higher and wondered if that’s why inflation has stayed so low in recent years.
2774	He noted that the administration had required that Ministers, Permanent Secretaries and Board Members of statutory agencies take and pass governance courses.
2775	He noted that this year “It was more of a spirit of camaraderie, fun and an appreciation of culture, as opposed to the intense competition of former years; on both nights.”
2776	He noted that “what you see in Israel first, you then start seeing in America.”
2777	“He not only recognizes the need for a hand out, but understands it must come with a helping hand up — teaching and guiding people to not be victims of circumstances, but to grow and be stronger because of them.
2778	Henry County Health Center’s Diabetes Team will be offering a Diabetes Review Course on Thursday, Aug. 9. The course will be conducted from 1-3 p.m. and will be held in the Health Education Center at HCHC.
2779	Henry served as head of security at the V. C. Bird International Airport for 10 years, starting in 1975.
2780	Hensley’s complaint indicates Samantha Donhauser owns the animals, but that they were in her mother’s care.
2781	He obtained a quantity of money, quickly left the store, and was last seen running in a south/west direction.
2782	He parked the car there … in die bos.
2783	He pitched up in the same place but was asked by a resident to move on.
2784	He played guitar in a punk band called Extremes of Violet, and he used to not like keyboards.
2785	He played them as he waited for interviews to begin, or in the long car rides across Yemen.
2786	He points out that the government doesn’t have a future due to this matter.
2787	He predicted traffic “will be horrific.”
2788	He promised that with a robust system and “top of the line firewall”, customers can rest assured, knowing that their information is safe and secure.
2789	He provides strategic consultancy services on leadership, security, intelligence, counter-terrorism and defence.
2790	He pulled out a handgun and ordered staff members into a room where he locked them in. He then stole a large amount of cash from one of the tills and stole various cell phones.
2791	He pummeled him in the corner and then hit some light slaps and kicks across his head.
2792	He quickly took on a key role in a new division that the 100-year old playing cards company had begun expanding into: video games.
2793	Herat: At least eight people were killed in a roadside mine blast in western Afghanistan’s Herat province on Saturday evening, the Tolonews reported.
2794	“Her basketball IQ is elite, her potential is off the charts.
2795	Her blue car (pictured) is also missing.
2796	“Her counselors always said she did exactly what she was told to do, always helped out whenever she was needed to help out.
2797	Her doctor prescribed her non-cannabis medication.
2798	He really cares about his family.
2799	Here are some of the major events of the year in Sandy Springs.
2800	Here are the six Colombians hoping to find themselves in the red jersey this year in Spain.
2801	He recently attended a New York Yankees game in Washington with Rudy Giuliani, the former Republican mayor (and Donovan supporter) who remains popular on Staten Island.
2802	He recently that he would be joining Sportsnet 590 in Toronto to do sports talk radio with Bob McCown and Stephen Brunt.
2803	He recounts the events of his own demise, having attempted the same jump with much less success.
2804	He refuses to let Lorca just die, not after what he did to his sister.
2805	Here in the U.S. they say just shy of 200,000 vehicles are eligible for the checkup and repair.
2806	Here is a gallery from game two.
2807	Here is where the problem begins.
2808	Here’s a look at what players have to look forward to this week…
2809	Here’s her breakdown for what actually makes a difference, no matter your budget.
2810	Here she’s experimenting with a mixture of poetry and collages.
2811	Here’s how you can watch The 24th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards live online or the old-fashioned way right on your television.
2812	Here’s more on Forbes’ methodology.
2813	He returned later in another aircraft.
2814	Here, we analyse the performance of flying winger Dembele.
2815	Here we are, 27 years after Anita Hill came forward with allegations against Clarence Thomas, and we still have a Supreme Court nominee (and likely future Justice) who has been accused of sexually assaulting women.
2816	Here, we are not talking about the likes of French or Bolshevik revolution for no two revolutions are same.
2817	Here we see Sam Claflin, who plays Finnick, resting with his trident on his shoulders.
2818	Her experience is eclectic; everything from research, drafting, sales, event planning, fundraising, bookkeeping, to PR and marketing.
2819	Her father, Nick Newton, of British nationality, is a laboratory technician and artist, and her mother Nyasha, a former district nurse, is a Shona chief’s daughter.
2820	Her father was too poor to care for her and she was placed in an orphanage, eventually being moved to a children’s home in Meir Shefeyah (located near Zichron Yaakov).
2821	Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, and London Mayor Sadiq Khan have called her incarceration a "travesty of justice".
2822	Her intention was to evacuate a wounded protester lying on the other side of the fence, after he had managed to cut a hole through it.
2823	Her love of country also comes from her husband Sarajuddin Wardak, who fought the Soviet forces along with the Mujahideens and later became the first secretary at the Afghan Embassy in Washington from 1992 to 1998.
2824	HERMISTON, Oregon – An apartment fire yesterday has left one man homeless.
2825	Hermiston’s numbers are still a ways behind at 65.8 percent.
2826	Her most potent romantic interest is Oliver Queen, aka the Green Arrow.
2827	Her mother, Nettie Stubbs Abbott of Maine was a teacher.
2828	Hero's Honor, a winner only once previously from five starts, got the job done in Saturday's SA Derby, emerging from a pace-stalking trip in the final strides to edge the favorite, Surcharge, by 1 1/2 lengths.
2829	Her power wins her way back to 30-30 and Kerber again seems tired.
2830	Her son complained about his stomach pain and kept vomiting.
2831	Her speech helped preparations for a free-trade agreement, he added in a Twitter post that implied the outcome would be a much less ambitious deal than the one Mrs. May wants.
2832	He rules for the rich, not just because he is rich, but because he believes in wealth as a motive force in his political philosophy.
2833	Her work has centered on fighting for issues such as women’s rights, LGBTQ equality and promoting interfaith relations.
2834	“He’s a complete back,” Strong said.
2835	He’s a different kind of back than Fournette, but he has an outside chance of becoming the first running back to go No. 1 overall since another Penn State Nittany Lion, Ki-Jana Carter, in 1995.
2836	“He’s a force of optimism and his life, which will be remembered forever in America, because he’s one of those types of senators, that Henry Clay-like figure, he will be somebody that we look to for years to come now.”
2837	He said after a while, he began to notice a trend: not all young men were dressed for the occasion for their high school graduation ceremonies.
2838	He said as the Meteorological Department has warned of intensive rains this year, and for that matter desilting which is a palliating solution will continue in the interim.
2839	He said Buhari in response, said irregular migration from developing to developed countries was often caused by insecurity, education, health care, and climate change.
2840	He said following that, the meeting escalated into something else given the circumstances.
2841	He said he bought them in his capacity as council’s sports commissioner, but he didn’t attend the game because, even though he requested accessible seating, there was no room available in accessible areas.
2842	He said he wanted to go home, but feared conscription by both the Assad regime and Kurdish militias: The regime controls all roads to Raqqa from Lebanon.
2843	He said his country always accorded “great importance” to its ties with India as the two neighbours have many “things to offer each other”.
2844	He said his goal is for Speaker Ryan to put the package of bills on the floor because the number clearly demonstrates that a majority of members of Congress want a vote on immigration legislation.
2845	He said if it ends up in one huge box you can never make anything out of it."
2846	He said, “In closing, I want to say I stand on my 23 years of honest, ethical, public service with the Bradley County Sheriff’s Office and 10th Judicial Drug Task Force.
2847	He said: “I nearly died the first two nights.
2848	He said: “It turned out that the intervention was a sham plot, so the Plaintiffs (Giwa) had to go back to Court and prayed the Court to re-list the Suit and also restore all the previous Orders made by it.
2849	He said, “I wasn’t at the event, it would have been managed better.
2850	He said many of the local industries are faced with financial challenges and this has been worsened with the depreciation of the cedi.
2851	He said no way he can do my trial because he really don’t know the case and he won’t win.
2852	He said: “Secondly, Gov. Aminu Masari Screening Committee to the best of my knowledge did not disqualify or recommend disqualification of any of them.”
2853	He said: “Such demonstration of zeal, patriotism and forthrightness is worthy of emulation by all leaders.
2854	He said teachers who were not proficient in Mandarin were sent to Chinese schools then.
2855	He said that although he had bounced back, thanks to his record label; when he had no money, he became depressed.
2856	He said that a man approached him and used physical force to snatch 200 euros from him before taking off.
2857	He said that for this reason Sri Lanka is now working with China on a Free Trade Agreement (FTA).
2858	He said that his computations show that the claim of US$460 million is overstated by approximately US$92 million.
2859	He said that in the past the 40.5 hectare (100 acre) property was used as a deer farm and it offers a wide range of potential farming opportunities including livestock or crops.
2860	He said that meant, “we would get to the point where we would have to live with an Iranian nuclear weapon or get into a conflict.”
2861	He said that "our homicide rates are so much higher than other industrialized countries.
2862	He said that the convict sold the phone to an unknown person in Wuse market at the rate of N10, 000.
2863	He said that the early works were preliminary projects to be completed before the award of the main contract.
2864	He said that the hospital had also set up committees to enhance and strengthen protocol for handling the emergency, including compliance with universal safety precautions.
2865	He said the court could not grant them their prayers as they were not permanent staff, adding that what the workers submitted to the court during the pendency of the suit was temporary appointment letters instead of permanent letters of employment.
2866	He said the government will soon close the border it shares with one of its neighbours to save the economy.
2867	He said, “The governor is from this place and if he wants people to attack Aisha, does he need to go and import them?
2868	He said the new package would help the long-term recovery of displaced residents.
2869	He said the other robbers broke the padlocks of the front screen door to gain entry into the supermaket.
2870	He said the party would prefer having these debates hosted in the larger constituencies, rather than smaller ones spread across the country.
2871	He said the rampaging of vigilante groups was uncontrollable such that the police could not control them, which does not speak well of Ghana’s democracy.
2872	He said there comes a time when a school is so small that it affects education.
2873	He said there is evidence of continued racism in both the U.S. and South Africa despite Mandela’s 67 years in confronting the issue.
2874	He said the state government has provided land and free power for setting up the airport.
2875	He said the terms for the repayment for the loan will be rolled out in a form ‘Susu’ scheme for the women not to feel it when paying for the loan.
2876	He said the Volta Region used to be the “World Bank” for NDC, but if care was not taken, it could become a “rural bank”.
2877	'He said to bring the money with him the next time we meet.'
2878	He said, “Under Superintendent Garcia’s leadership, the Academy has secured additional grant funding and renegotiated some existing contracts with vendors to reduce costs, all the while increasing academic success for students.”
2879	“He said we would trail the soldier on that day and we would block him and collect the money.
2880	He said, ‘Williams, you’re a scammer.’
2881	He said: 'You are traveling around, you live in a suitcase, you get to this place, there’s free alcohol everywhere—it’s sort of weird if you don’t drink.
2882	He saw off competition from the likes of Jersey rally driver Ed Fossey, Jersey shooter Cameron Pirouet, and Guernsey racing driver Sebastian Priaulx.
2883	He says he was tortured by Bahraini authorities in 2012 and fears torture and imprisonment if he is sent back.
2884	He says neither he nor Peoria's fire brass wants to take over volunteer districts.
2885	He says so far government has pumped in thirty million United states dollars as initial capital.
2886	He says the changes, the biggest overhaul of governance since the modern Turkish republic was founded from the ruins of the Ottoman Empire almost a century ago, are needed to drive Turkey’s economic growth and guarantee its security.
2887	He says the data breach last year, and now the loss of his records this year, shows the VA needs to make changes in both policy and personnel.
2888	He says this decision is meant to support more Zambian students who are unable to access University education because of lack of funds.
2889	He’s been in a nice groove for certainly longer than a week, but this last week has been exceptional.”
2890	“He’s definitely opening some eyes,” Frost said.
2891	He’s doing a lot of things really well.
2892	He’s doing his part there.”
2893	He sent the TD MPs T Narasimham and Ravindra Babu to talk to NCP Chief Sharad Pawar and Shiva Sena Chief Udhav Thakare in Mumbai.
2894	“He’s going to be really good because it’s never enough for him,” Hurt said.
2895	“He’s going to talk about a show that people seem to be really fascinated with, and in awe of, and he’s going to talk about the place that these stories originate from,” Schoonmaker said.
2896	He's gone full Brent!
2897	He's got that all wrong.
2898	“He’s got to play.
2899	“He’s helped me out so much, and to know that I’m going to be with him for the next four years is just incredible.”
2900	“He should be arrested and until he is not I am not going back home…I will take my life otherwise…I was threatened that if I tell anyone, my family members would be killed and thrown away.
2901	He simply focused on fighting injustice and tyranny and ensuring that Nigeria was set in the right direction.
2902	He’s now in fair condition.
2903	He sold the sweet grapes for N2000 as against the non-GM sweet grapes sold at N1000.
2904	He’s one hell of a rapper, and he's getting attention for all the right reasons.
2905	He’s planning on interning there again next summer.
2906	He spoke during a talk at Business Insider's Ignition conference Monday with Nicholas Carlson, global editor-in-chief of Business Insider and chief content officer at Insider Inc.
2907	He spoke entirely in Spanish, so the bride's best friend interpreted for the couple.
2908	He's right - all it takes is one time!
2909	He’s shooting 50 percent for the month of March, and though his long-range attack has fallen off a tick after his red-hot start, Tatum is still knocking down an impressive 43 percent of his bids from three-point land.
2910	He's so popular, in fact, that Warner Bros. is banking on an upcoming self-titled movie for the character.
2911	“He stands as much as any author for freedom of the imagination.
2912	"He started violently raping me, he would beat me with his belt if I didn't let him rape me.
2913	He starts working with them on steer wrestling the following year.
2914	“He stated further that on that fateful day, the deceased was alone in the factory when the suspect came in and attempted to forcefully have carnal knowledge of her.
2915	He stated that a situation whereby two members in the federal government team are pursuing their private university licenses indicate they would not favour funding of public education.
2916	He states that ”In 2007, the entire country’s electricity production was 47million kilowatt hours raised from a mere 10 megawatts.
2917	He's the Republican state lawmaker from suburban Houston who is expected to become the next Texas House speaker in January.
2918	He successfully sold 950 tickets by standing at robots and by word of mouth and that’s how he continued doing more shows and bigger shows by 2009.
2919	He swung a baseball bat at Palamar, who snatched the bat and smashed the old man to death with it.
2920	He’s your friend, but he’s also your friend who has a dangerous take on what consent really means.
2921	He taught his family, through example, to treat everyone the way Jesus would want us to.
2922	"He thinks calling someone destabilising isn't bias," said Represenative Trey Gowdy, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, referencing texts sent by Strzok.
2923	“He thinks he has to be loyal to his base,” he said.
2924	He thinks McCabe can do that.
2925	“He thought of the possibility of them capturing him.
2926	He threw in a fastbreak layup off his own steal and hit his fifth 3 of the half to make it 32-27.
2927	He throws his left leg over one of the chair’s golden arms.
2928	He told investigators he was frustrated.
2929	He told the editor, Laurie Ezzell Brown, that if she ever needed anyone to read, that his wife always had a book in her hand—and loved them.
2930	He told the Press Association: “There was a ‘for sale’ sign and then white removal vans.
2931	He told the Upper House that the National Investment Policy (NIP) will be coming on stream in the first quarter of next year.
2932	He told us that he’s the one that ran over the dog with his police SUV.
2933	“He took students in his classroom and gave them a purpose, developed self-discipline and taught them about respect.
2934	He tried to reinstate slavery.
2935	He turned his life around and now an author and consultant to the FBI and private businesses on preventing fraud and identity theft.
2936	He urged fans to support King upon her then-coming return to Y&R.
2937	He urged the media and other strategic stakeholders to play their meaningful watchdog roles more effectively to ensure that oil revenues were better protected.
2938	He wandered the area on a recent rainy weekday morning in the quiet hour before the Peoria Zoo opened for the public, scraping up loose grass, leaves, twigs and whatever bits of mandrill poop he might have missed the day before.
2939	He wants nothing to do with her but to appease Tamra, he agrees to the conversation.
2940	“He wants to be better.
2941	He warned that Goa might also face a similar situation in future.
2942	He was a 1944 graduate of Madison High School and attended Indiana University at Bloomington for one year.
2943	He was able to get an infield fly for the second out, but he walked Tim Anderson to bring home Chicago’s second run.
2944	He was accompanied by his parents to the meeting, which took place in London.
2945	He was a friend of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., held integrated rallies beginning in 1953 and was considered a major influence in the civil rights movement.
2946	He was a good boy.
2947	He was a junior last year and played with us.
2948	He was also found sentenced to four years in jail on felony cases.
2949	He was always alone, no respect for elders, no respect for community, Muminov said.
2950	He was a member of the St. Louis Reptile Club and several other reptile clubs.
2951	He was a movie critic, providing ratings for everything he saw.
2952	“He was an extraordinary man who inspired Council, the University Administration and the University Community during his tenure as Chancellor.
2953	He was an international pop star, performing his well-known electronic dance songs around the world for die-hard fans, sometimes hundreds of thousands at music festivals, where he was the headline act.
2954	“He was as close to a hermit as one can be in a suburb.”
2955	He was a skilled big man willing to battle in out in the trenches who could do a floor length chest pass or hit an open three.
2956	“He was a very private person and wanted to make sure his collection was kept together in one place and there is still lots of unrolled canvas,” she said.
2957	He was behind the wheel of the semi that collided with the bus.
2958	He was born May 29, 1963 in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, to Karen Hamilton and the late J. T. Rushing.
2959	He was born on August 4, 1927 in Stokes County to the late James Carroll and Carrie Nunn Wright.
2960	He was certainly a monster at Ole Miss.
2961	He was cremated at 4 pm in Banashankari.
2962	He was delivering a keynote address during the official opening of the fifth KwaZulu-Natal legislature at the Royal Agricultural Showgrounds in Pietermaritzburg on Tuesday.
2963	He was inducted into the MFCA Hall of Fame in 2016 and was Class 3-A Coach of the Year in 2015 and 2017 and Class 2-A Coach of the Year in 2004.
2964	“He was in pain and just pushed to the side.”
2965	He was jailed in December after prosecutors found evidence that he had violated those rules, and he has been held at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan since then.
2966	He was later taken into the army clinic in the Chari Maigumeri Barracks where the recruitment was taking place for treatment.
2967	He was named a County All-Star in basketball.
2968	He was not there so much to support Navalny, he said, but for freedom of choice.
2969	He was out of luck, until he thought of his old school.
2970	He was released in 2014 but was re-arrested in 2015 for the parole violation.
2971	He was reportedly being transferred to CMC from Springs Memorial Hospital when he died.
2972	He was said to have swallowed the substance with a cup of water and was found dead in the morning.
2973	He was sentenced to one year and one day in prison, with credit for 30 days served.
2974	He was so accustomed to national decline that he almost welcomed it.
2975	He was speaking after France agreed to take about 80 migrants from the Aquarius rescue ship that was at the centre of a bitter European dispute over migration last month.
2976	He was told to cover or remove the shirt or he would be sent home for the day.
2977	He was to throw a side session before making a start for Triple-A Colorado Springs on Thursday.
2978	He was transferred to another parish after the first allegations against him were made public in 2012 and put on retirement when more accusations surfaced.
2979	He went on to receive his masters and doctorate from the University of Ankara, and became the first Greek academic to teach at the Ankara university, where he is currently a member of the political science faculty.
2980	He went on to work with Ronnie Barker in ‘Seven Of One’ and also had small roles in some of the ‘Carry On’ films, including ‘Carry On Marton’ and ‘Carry On Dick’.
2981	He will also coach, but management will be his main strength as there are a variety of tasks involved, including dealing with the media.
2982	He will go farther,” Odnorog said.
2983	He will now be taken to a state mental health lockdown facility to receive treatment that will allow him to proceed.
2984	He worked his way through the ranks at the sheriff’s office, being promoted to lieutenant in 2005, in charge of investigations.”
2985	He would do best with someone who could spend some time working on basic manners with him; this guy is a smart cookie, and will learn fast.
2986	He would travel through many west coast conventions from the 1970s thru the early 2000s and was seen at most fantasy and furry conventions such as WesterCon, AnthroCon, Fur Con. He also frequented comic conventions as both a fan and a guest.
2987	He wrote checks and wouldn’t ask for anything in return.
2988	Hey guys – someone talk me down…
2989	Hey, they’re talking air temps of 30 below with wind chills of -55 here in ND by the weekend.
2990	HHS Office of Civil Rights Director Roger Severino speaks at a news conference announcing a new division on Conscience and Religious Freedom at the Department of Health and Human Services January 18, 2018 in Washington, DC.
2991	"Hicks grew close to Ivanka and began dressing like the heiress, who seemed worthy of the emulation," GQ reported.
2992	Hidden Valley resident Alex Goodwin told CBS2 he and his neighbors had just received an alert Tuesday morning that they could return home.
2993	High on Trump’s agenda is, first and foremost, asserting US global supremacy by word and deed.
2994	Highs of 29 degrees in the Alpes Maritimes and 33 in the Var with a light south easterly wind.
2995	Hilary is just as slimey but will act purely in her own interest and sell us all down the tubes, evidenced by her inability to even come out and thank her base when she lost.
2996	Hindu statesman Rajan Zed, in a statement in Nevada, said that Lord Ganesh was highly revered in Hinduism and was meant to be worshipped in temples or home shrines and not to adorn one’s toe.
2997	His 12th-place finish is his best on the PGA Tour since the 2015 Wyndham Championship.
2998	His best finish at the PGA Championship was third back in 2012.
2999	His case has sparked broader outrage after numerous victims accused USA Gymnastics, the sport’s governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar worked, of failing to investigate complaints about him going back years.
3000	His client has been getting some help during his time in custody, he said.
3001	His combine performance included 29 repetitions on the bench press at 225 pounds and a 4.40 yard dash for a 223 pound running back.
3002	His command of the Urdu language, a great asset and with that language he greeted on the airwaves of 92.2fm.
3003	His credentials are stronger than other football winners.
3004	His daughter and her husband work in the Twin Cities, and he has three grandchildren in the area.
3005	His death, in a hospital there, was announced by the Archdiocese of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, which he served as archbishop from 1985.
3006	His death was MSHP Troop F region’s 10th fatality in September and its 57th in 2018.
3007	His departure came after he had battled for survival alongside campmates Harry Redknapp, James McVey, Rita Simons, Emily Atack and Anne Hegerty, with Dec and Holly first revealing he was in the bottom two with EastEnders star Rita.
3008	His e-mails to Swarm passed without reply, according to Jonathan McDowell, a researcher at the Havard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, who also spotted the SpaceBEES and guessed they belonged to Swarm.
3009	His father's advanced age was the cause of death, he said.
3010	His favorite Bible passages/verses are Psalm 91 and Isaiah 53:5.
3011	His floormates were surprised by Aziz’s strong English accent when he first introduced himself, during the fall 2017 semester, Hayashi recalled.
3012	His friend, a 23-year-old man, was also stabbed in the incident but was discharged from hospital over the weekend after treatment.
3013	His group has two similar appeals before Civil Service hearing officers.
3014	“His heart was bigger than him.
3015	His initiative is part of a broader trend: Cruise Line, Carnival Corp. & Plc’s Holland America Line, and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. also own private islands in the Bahamas, and MSC Cruises plans to open its own Bahamian island next year.
3016	His interest in studying architecture after high school inspires him to draw buildings.
3017	His job did not hold water once he couldn’t collect OT at will.
3018	His last job, one he found very rewarding, was driving a school bus for Kessler Bus.
3019	His lawyer, Shawn Holley, had been given an initial guideline of three hours to respond, after notification of the story was emailed to her at 7.52am LA time.
3020	His most recent experiment, including a car in space as part of his SpaceX program, made global headlines back in February.
3021	His other videos show him serving customers such as Diego Maradona and posing as Don Corleone from the Godfather movies.
3022	“His performance was undoubtedly inspired by the immigration performance, but this one was a revolt against law, against discrimination, against the system and the community, which considered him as ‘other’ and ‘different’,” he wrote.
3023	His post read; “With 60million followers, they tagged her and she has posted them twice.
3024	His presence is relaxing and unassumed, and to think, he's spent 28 years tumbling around the washing machine that is this business.
3025	His proposal would remove hemp from the controlled substances list that currently associates the crop with its cousin — marijuana.
3026	His reply: Nope, but hopefully they’ll replace it with one that looks less chintzy.
3027	His right hand came off the ball twice.
3028	His sister said he had to get higher-ups at Boeing to overcome opposition from the department.
3029	His songs are filled with fun, catchy lyrics that radiate with positive energy.
3030	His son, Perry (named after Como), from his first marriage, to the Italian actress Pier Angeli, died in 2014.
3031	“His time at the UN was also remarkable for his role in ensuring stability of democratic governments in Africa and intervention in conflict resolution around the world aimed at achieving world peace.
3032	Historically, it could be summarised as "when times are tough, cut spending on the poor and, when times are good, give tax cuts to the rich".
3033	History: The SAG award winner has gone on to take the Oscar 16 of 22 times, including the last eight.
3034	His transition to civilian life should be smooth.
3035	His vehicle attempted to navigate between two vehicles striking one of them before impacting the rear of a Valley Transit vehicle.
3036	His walk rate did increase a bit however, so his control needs work.
3037	His wedding featured a hymn used at Diana’s funeral, at which he and William had walked behind her casket.
3038	His White House coordinated with the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee to misdirect the investigation.
3039	His wholesale market dried up in 2009, following the Great Recession, Stortini said, which he considered a positive.
3040	His wife, children, grandmother and maid were at home.
3041	His wife Norine looked on from the visitors’ seating area as he listened to testimony from defence and prosecution witnesses.
3042	His wins on the basketball court have translated to the film and TV world by connecting with Sony Networks.
3043	Hoda Hawa, director of policy and advocacy at the Muslim Public Affairs Council, said Omar and Tlaib are the most likely to become the first Muslim women in Congress.
3044	Hofher will now be a senior offensive analyst for the team.
3045	Hogg was joined on the program by one of his teachers, Ashley Kurth, who sheltered her students in a classroom during the Feb. 14 mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida.
3046	Holding a coalition together takes more than experience in government.
3047	Hollowell has become less conflicted since the MWW fired Heacock—the one thing, for what it’s worth, that she asked the organization not to do.
3048	Holt said the two students were walking down Shane Drive toward Loyola Drive before suddenly being approached by two suspects with a handgun.
3049	Home bakers with a terrible track record take a crack at re-creating edible masterpieces for a $10,000 prize.
3050	Home Disaster Loans – Loans to homeowners or renters to repair or replace disaster-damaged real estate and personal property, including automobiles.
3051	Home in charge of arrangements.
3052	Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the wall would be “first and foremost” in any package that includes new protections for DACA recipients.
3053	Home Ministry announced that a “historic agreement” had been signed among the governments of Mizoram and Tripura and the Mizoram Bru Displaced People’s Forum.
3054	Home prices in Chinese first-tier cities saw negative year-on-year growth in January for the first time in 32 months, Shanghai Securities Journal reported, citing data released by the National Bureau of Statistics.
3055	Home team Ekurhuleni Bowls was placed sixth in their section.
3056	Homicide detectives issued a warrant for the arrest of Justin Handbury, 31.
3057	Honestly, I don't remember much shenanigans or even going to out nice restaurants when I was young.
3058	“Honestly, I just want to go back so I can see my friends and not spend my last three days of senior year just being secluded in a room.”
3059	Hong Kong also has the highest average price in the past 12 months - a whopping £41.76million per home ($52.
3060	“Hopefully, everyone will work with me to do that.
3061	Hopefully we’ll be able to blend really well and have a good season.”
3062	"Hopefully we win the first two and get some momentum heading into Allen East.
3063	Hope he enjoys the Ramen noodles she should be serving him for a couple of months.
3064	Hoping to project confidence, CEO Edward Stack said “stronger product innovation from select key partners and the continued expansion of our private brands” will result in less pressure on profit margins this year.
3065	Hosted by the Gabriola Auxiliary for Island Health Care.
3066	Host even does in home consultations, a gift perfect for that style savvy friends who’s looking for a home remodel.
3067	Houmis followed up with an RBI single to score Parkhurst for the 3-0 lead.
3068	House Bill 5830 — Require new schools to meet safety protocols: passed 97-12 in the House.
3069	House Republican leaders instead sought a 4.33 percent rate to raise about $400 million.
3070	Houston’s is a repeat offender as rapper T.I. had previously called out the establishment for a prior racist incident involving in March.
3071	Hovhannes Khangeldyan, Director of the Center for Crisis Management of the Ministry of Emergency Situations (MES) of Armenia, stated the aforementioned at a press conference on Tuesday.
3072	How about some new blood?
3073	How are we ever going to get more women to come and do this if this is what they think is going to happen?"
3074	How can this be possible if we were not given soft loan to increase our stocks,” he asked.
3075	How can you pay $1million for water-tank firetruck?
3076	How could Freese possibly top himself?
3077	How could it go wrong?
3078	How did this violate Twitter's guidelines?
3079	How does chemotherapy work?
3080	How do you explain the loss of a baby to a fine Christian couple?
3081	How do you protect intellectual property for different types of startups—for example, a restaurant versus a software company?
3082	How else can we explain his choice of the song ‘’ as tribute to Morgan Tsvangirai?
3083	However, adding synthetic turf to the Belmont Sports Complex has been considered and reconsidered many times.
3084	However, all agreed that stocks are down and that reductions are needed.”
3085	However, all other Canadian provinces and territories have either increased their minimum wage or made plans to do so.
3086	However, an Electrical/ Electronics engineer, Innocent Okere, who started as a DJ and an MC during his undergraduate days, said he would rate the industry as having scored 80 per cent in 2018.
3087	However, a new rumor claims we will be seeing the character long before that.
3088	However, any type of economic planning for the British Virgin Islands must take into account the various nuances, arguments, and discussions, of contemporary western economics.
3089	However, as a Christian, it was rather disturbing to learn the rate of divorce among so-called followers of Christ is higher than those “in the world” or non-believers.
3090	However, at six to eight days the embryo becomes heat-tolerant.
3091	However, China’s newfound love for the continent has been viewed with suspicion by some, who have voiced concern at the possible ‘strings attached’ to the loans.
3092	However, conditions set by both nations have stymied efforts to convene talks.
3093	However, despite wearing heels on almost every outing throughout this trip, Melania chose to keep her trusty Christian Louboutin heels tucked away on this occasion and instead wore brown flats from the designer brand as she descended Air Force One.
3094	However, due to stiff opposition from the labour unions the company had to wait until 2005 to start its operation.
3095	However, due to the production costs remaining high, producers said they were unable to take advantage of SI 64 of 2016’s limitations on imports, resulting in capacity utilisation falling by 2,3 percentage points to 45,1% in 2017.
3096	However, following numerous court appearances, the Vice Chancellor of the school, Eyitope Ogunbodede on Wednesday announced the sack of the lectureer at a press conference in Ife.
3097	However, for some people, diarrhea may be so severe that they need to be hospitalized, CDC said.
3098	However, her relatively short tenure on the bench means it is uncertain how she would rule on a number of key issues.
3099	However, he said one more technical issue needs to be resolved by lawmakers soon to ensure new money can be distributed yet this fiscal year.
3100	However, if NGO is not registered under FCRA, then the donations will be considered as the income of the organisation and it will be taxed.
3101	However, it had failed to pay property taxes since 2015 and owed more than $225,000 when it was purchased by McCarthy last September.
3102	However, it is a lot to expect him to be back fully to where he wants to be.
3103	However, it is commonly well known that technology progresses through time exponentially.
3104	However, it is likely to decline during the next 3-4 months on account of favourable base effect and seasonal factors.
3105	However, it seems he forgot to give Uncle Sam his proper cut in 2014.
3106	However its shares are down 9% since its Sept. 20 debut, giving it a current market cap of $44 billion.
3107	However, it’s understood that a decision has since been made to have Justice Sykes act in the role as head of the judiciary.
3108	However, it will never be a good enough reason to entirely miss the impact assessment process and claim that PFRS 9 will not have a significant impact on the company’s financial statements.
3109	However, it will probably be a good couple of years before such a merger of movies happens.
3110	However, Madrid could be without Marcelo, Toni Kroos, and Luka Modric on Saturday as all three players are dealing with nagging injuries.
3111	However, Mitchell said it is taking longer than hoped to find new doctors for West Prince and some people may decide to go on the registry.
3112	However, no details have been given on how much was paid through taxpayers’ funds and how much from the insurance company involved.
3113	However non-EU visas are limited in supply under Mrs May’s policy of attempting to reduce net immigration to the “tens of thousands”.
3114	However Oyugi opposed the appeal with his lawyers arguing that the scrutiny report could not be relied upon.
3115	However, part of appreciating other cultures involves actively avoiding caricature and costume.
3116	However, problems arose when Shino placed them on Team Konohamaru.
3117	However, recently, President Trump signaled that he may be more receptive than prior presidents to.
3118	However, Russia and China, the principal adversaries the NPR has in mind (though North Korea gets mentioned as well), do have just those means at hand to strike back.
3119	However, Sharma says that taking a picture of the children to use as a reminder for later isn’t necessarily the best tactic.
3120	However, she has made improvements in prison and has undergone a dramatic improvement in her outlook on life.
3121	However, that still requires the crime be reported in a timely manner and that an initial investigation be carried out by cruise-line employees in a way that preserves any evidence for independent officials.
3122	However, the complaint alleges that the letter of intent had all the elements of a contract, including the specific details of the property, an agreed-upon sale price, and a down payment schedule.
3123	However, the east of Scotland is expected to stay mainly dry.
3124	However, the gas is 300 times more potent at trapping heat than carbon dioxide and can stay in the atmosphere for up to 120 years before it decomposes.
3125	However, the health authority said in its update that it — not Cancer Control Alberta — made the decision to put the chemotherapy program on pause in order to improve it.
3126	However, their alliance with the moderates has seen reformists return to the corridors of power, and they hold influential positions in Rouhani’s cabinet.
3127	However, the most interesting aspects of the Exynos 9810 is the presence of a "separate security processing unit", which would suggest there's a hardware-level spot for Samsung mobile devices to store biometric data.
3128	However, the president said if it turned out that his son lied about the payments being illegal he would hold him accountable.
3129	“However, the recent past has been extremely difficult.”
3130	However, the road ahead won’t be easy.
3131	However, these have now been disrupted again by global warming, triggered by rising carbon dioxide emissions from factories, cars and power plants that burn fossil fuels.
3132	However, they produced a memorable turnaround at the Etihad to win 3-2.
3133	However, this method is labor-intensive and the flake-like sheets are fragile.
3134	However, this year, the city’s revenue surplus has come down to 0.80 per cent (Budget Estimate or BE) of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) as compared to the 1.58 per cent in 2016-17.
3135	However, Tim Hortons® Team Members should never be used to further an agenda or be treated as just an ‘expense.’
3136	However, unlike the RTI report, Mr. Roberts’s study did not find consistent evidence that changes in hospital use in Maryland could be attributed to global budgeting.
3137	“However, we find these actions to be against the will of the American people.”
3138	However, whenever the two BFFs clashed over rather important issues, they never learned how to express their feelings honestly.
3139	However, when I was faced with choosing an occupation, like all the “lazy” kids I was thinking of something easy to learn, like economics.
3140	However when she came home, she discovered that her phone had been disabled for 25 million minutes, which roughly works out to be 47 years.
3141	However, where it snows at night or early in the morning, when road surfaces are cold, an accumulation can take place on highways, streets, parking lots and sidewalks.
3142	"However, with months until the baby is born, those odds will shorten, change and other names will come to the forefront, so watch this space.”
3143	However, with six Hokies averaging over 8 PPG, this is a well-balanced attack that can be difficult to defend.
3144	However, you must know that it will not be an easy fix…
3145	How have your warnings to Saudi Arabia, and sometimes to Russia, affected the production of these countries?
3146	How Inquisition are going to continue on as a band is a mystery to us all right now.
3147	How is that a bad thing?
3148	How Kane Could Make History at WWE Extreme Rules PPVPhoto Credit: WWE YouTube.
3149	How many roses is that?
3150	How many times did they walk from Nazareth, the 45-minute walk, and then did their work on that Roman reclamation of that Greek city and its amphitheater?
3151	How much am I charged to use the MTN MoMocard?
3152	How much time do we need?
3153	How should government resolve Dele Giwa’s murder case?
3154	How the hell does that work with healthcare when I don't know the price?
3155	How to make spooning sex better - Hot!
3156	How to Train Your Dragon movie came out in 2010 and has since spawned a movie sequel, a TV series (How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
3157	How was that going to translate to the big screen?
3158	HP has announced the Omen 15 gaming laptop refresh for 2018, and it comes with some significant upgrades.
3159	HP: Sorry for the flip-flops, we spur of the moment decided to come and it's all I had.
3160	HP: That's so good.
3161	HRT Financial LLC acquired a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group during the third quarter valued at $292,000.
3162	HSBC raised shares of Schlumberger from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday.
3163	HSU NSW Secretary Gerard Hayes said the government had recently dropped plans for public-private partnerships at Bowral, Goulburn, Wyong, Shellharbour and Maitland hospitals.
3164	Hueftle-Worley gave an example of 1126 Broad Street, a house which he bought when he moved to Grinnell, that had suffered over $2,000 of damage, but only received $750 of relief.
3165	Humane officers said the stench inside the home was so powerful it actually stung their eyes.
3166	Humanities teacher Erin Burns, organized Wednesday’s walkout at Chestnut Academy.
3167	Human rights lawyer Betty Murungi has been appointed as a member of the Commission of Inquiry on the 2018 protests in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
3168	Humphries, 37, who works as a Fire Prevention Officer, also participated in similar support efforts during last year’s wildfires in the Okanagan Region.
3169	Hundreds of condolences have been posted on social media by relatives and friends, as the loss of Spiro shocked and upset many in the Greek and wider community.
3170	Hundreds of jobs were wiped out in the community northwest of Edmonton after metallurgical coal prices tanked, forcing the local operator to shut the surface and underground mines in 2015.
3171	Hundreds of people will be dressed up in polka dots for the Des Moines Art Center’s Polka Dot Party to celebrate the newest sculpture in the Pappajohn Sculpture Park.
3172	Hunt critically questioned a witness who had originally told police the shooter was white.
3173	Hwang’s own activism was born in 2006 with the outbreak of the second Israel-Lebanon war.
3174	I-80 east has since re-opened after being closed for approximately seven hours in Lawrence Township, according to Clearfield-based state police.
3175	“I absolutely loathed games,” he said.
3176	I actually read the entire article which is rare for daily fail trying to figure out his thought process in why he thought said top was stab proof.
3177	I agreed with it, but I said ‘why don’t we give him some time off, we can go away and maybe KP can come back later on’.”
3178	IAI said the manufacturing process uses a state-of-the-art technology that includes a composite layer of materials called Automatic Fiber Placement (AFP).
3179	“I allow her to make most of the decisions because she is just better at everything.
3180	I almost felt like I was on the side of the monsters — I was to be feared, and therefore, if there were any monsters out there, they would treat me as one of their own.
3181	I already have to meet graduation requirements, plan to keep taking a foreign language and know I have a limited tenure at GW.
3182	I also earn more, working with other disabled people, than at the “integrated placements” DEED wants everyone to have.
3183	I also love this character, and I’m so excited for you to see where this journey will take him and his family over the final twelve episodes.
3184	I also recommend my own Lapses & Infelicities —as well as Derek Walcott’sWhat the Twilight Says.
3185	I also think that we’ve gone in a direction that I haven’t really heard in the Afrobeat community that much.
3186	I always call the South my safe haven because it’s where I think the clearest and feel at home.
3187	I always go for more goals.
3188	I always pictured myself teaching at this big school with lots of children but I love what I am doing here and the kids are amazing,” said Motaung.
3189	I always say right away when discussing sanctuary city issues, so people don’t get confused, that we do follow federal, state, and local laws.
3190	“I always wanted to know who they were and if they were alive.
3191	I am a big fan of his.
3192	I am agreeing that talks took place & our issue was eliminating terrorism from the region, we, of course, raised the issue of cross-border terrorism in those talks."
3193	I am always amazed at how many people come out for the local celebration known as the Fiber Fest.
3194	I am, and have always been, someone who has followed her heart.
3195	I am a single man in my early 40s who was raised by loving parents to take love (and sex) seriously.
3196	“I am certainly well aware of my privilege,” Yegge wrote in a LinkedIn message, responding to an inquiry from Quartz at Work.
3197	'I am completely with you on that'.'
3198	I am deeply humbled to be speaking tonight.
3199	“ I am delighted with the amount raised, however, I am equally delighted that the community came together and learnt more about the great work of Befriend A Child.”
3200	I am entered into Chicago in the second week of the US Open.
3201	I am, frankly, pretty afraid of men.
3202	I am glad she is officially identified, claimed, and will be put to rest.
3203	I am happy he is happy; he seems happier within himself.
3204	I am happy with the extra DRS.
3205	I am not alone because I have friends.
3206	I am not even worried or frustrated about the goal we did not get because these are some of the things we face in football,” he said.
3207	I am not the same lawyer today as I was five years ago or ten years ago or when I started.
3208	“I am only aware that when the bailout came, it was meant to clear salary arrears.
3209	I am pleased at this opportunity to contribute towards our common vision of a high skill, high value added economy that offers opportunity to all.”
3210	I am pleased to announce that the TRRC will now be launched on 15 October following identification of the 11 Commissioners including the designated Chairperson Mr Lamin J. Sise, and the Deputy Chairperson Ms Adelaide Sosseh.
3211	'I am pleased to have received the backing of my colleagues in tonight's ballot,' she said yesterday evening.
3212	I am simply quoting the court transcript.
3213	I am talking about the rank and file.
3214	“I am very disappointed with the result, but we no longer have the financial support to continue the company’s U.S. operations," he continued.
3215	I am Ye Ni, editor of The Irrawaddy Burmese.
3216	“I am young so I might as well stay on court for a while and entertain you guys,” the 21-year-old Zverev, who became the youngest man to reach the quarter-finals at Roland Garros since 2009, told the cheering crowd.
3217	“I and our side are crushed,” the couple’s lawyer Rusty Hardin said outside the courthouse, according to KHOU-TV.
3218	Ian was born with spinal muscular atrophy, a degenerative neuromuscular disorder.
3219	“I arrived as a teenager and here I have grown into a person and a football player.
3220	“I arrived at New York and went through the airport, and at the passenger rank, two guys came together and were kissing.
3221	I asked her to point out some items that were must-haves for someone looking to make Asian food in their own kitchens.
3222	I assure you, you will feel loved in one of the simplest ways.
3223	I basically grew up not having all I desired, but all I needed.
3224	IBB has been considering Governor Waziri Aminu Tambuwal for the 2019 presidential candidature, having Abdulaziz Nyako as an alternative.
3225	I beamed, spilled some coffee on the overalls and dumped my wallet’s remaining coins into her tip jar.
3226	I began to feel the most out of control that I’ve felt in a long time.
3227	I began using heroin and cocaine, and became homeless.
3228	I beg you Mr Rawlings, learn to be quiet.
3229	I believe all of us on the committee believe the best thing we can do for education is to increase the per-pupil as much as we can.
3230	I believe in safety.
3231	I believe that the military has escalated quickly because of the rocket propelled grenades that were received from AYABA CHO.
3232	I believe that the women are our mothers and sisters and should be addressed with the utmost regard and given the respect that they deserve.
3233	“I called it a novel because I had to create a compelling arc and characterization and also because Mike’s family is very private, so I fictionalized their names,” Millan wrote in an email.
3234	I call it like my hobby, I guess,” Henao said.
3235	I came to see him as my elder brother to seek his advice and experience because as you know we in Africa respect elders.
3236	I can be a leader for the team and, especially this year, with the group that we have, knowing that they all play a big role too and we have some really big pieces that are helping.”
3237	I cannot even accuse such people of being selfish as they, themselves, could also perish in the event of a nuclear catastrophe.
3238	I cannot recall previous high intelligence officials acting the way Brennan and Clapper have in vocally assaulting the succeeding administration in a highly partisan manner.
3239	I can out-grapple anybody, I can out-strike anybody and I may say that I’m better than anybody in the division.
3240	“I can see how important the history is having spoken to the alumni.”
3241	I can swim well, but I’ve worn one of these in those conditions and they’re not the most comfortable life jacket to wear, unless you’re napping.
3242	“I can’t believe that when I go back to school, his seat will be empty and life will just go on,” Fischer wrote.
3243	“I can’t know if it was intentional, but I think every scientist has to be the most skeptical of their own data, and the most careful, because nobody else will have all the raw data.”
3244	I can’t recall the topic, but what I can remember is that the conversation devolved quickly into a personal attacks.
3245	I can't tell you how many gigs I’ve gotten by being the Queen of follow-ups.
3246	I can use whatever colors I want, whatever shape, anything.”
3247	“I categorically deny any involvement in Honey and Barry’s demise,” he said.
3248	I climbed in a drain to try to escape from the noise.
3249	I commute for about two hours every day by train.
3250	“I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence,” Trump said in a tweet.
3251	“I could easily make out the day and month, June 12, but the year was harder to decipher,” according to Kym Illman.
3252	"I could not believe it," Saban said.
3253	ICOVO App also have dashboard features,KYC/AML,Whitelist registration,Whitepaper viewer,ICO project list integrates with ICOVO Web and Photo ID uploader.
3254	Idaho State’s football Bengals were once known as “The Throwin’ Idahoans” in deference to an always nationally-ranked passing offense.
3255	I’d be absolutely stunned and in fact that would be embarrassing if they didn’t know who the next manager is.
3256	Ideally, we'd have spas or centers for theraputic fasting.
3257	"I decided to get it off the street.
3258	“I definitely need to go back and buy some more.”
3259	I definitely think we have a chance to make the playoffs this year,” Peter said.
3260	Identifying key issues early on will provide clarity on what’s required, and more certainty about the process ahead.
3261	I’d forget that I had blood caked on my whole face, and I was trying to talk about serious stuff.
3262	I did my taxes and now my refund will be delayed for who knows how long.
3263	I did not cry in there because he will not get to me.
3264	“I did not get up there and give some heart-rending speech,” he said.
3265	I did not see that coming.”
3266	"… I didn’t know where we were going to stack up in qualifying.
3267	I didn't question it."
3268	I didn’t speak up because I agree with what Kanye had to say or cause I f—k with Trump, I did it because I wanted to help my friend and cause I felt like I was being used to attack him.
3269	I didn’t want to be labelled as an intense actor.
3270	“I didn’t want to take prescription drugs but there were times I was completely immobile,” she says.
3271	“I didn’t want to try to overpower her because she just has more power than me,” said Pliskova.
3272	I did this rally two times in the past and have good memories.
3273	I'd like to see how well those over-12 laws would stand up in court.
3274	I do have an interested end user who hasn’t agreed to my price but is still interested & I will of course give a better price, but when the Enom 42 day auction lock is over.
3275	I do hope that this project can bring some inspiration to the relationship between technology and natural default settings.”
3276	I do not have a hard pass and therefore must present multiple forms of identification to a Secret Service officer through a bulletproof glass portal.
3277	I don’t believe Fenix and Pentagon are brothers in AAA, only together as associates of Konnan.
3278	I don’t believe you are going to have the last word.
3279	I don’t care about CK in ANY way.
3280	"I don't feel the school deals with it very well but they're in a bind, they don't have much of a choice."
3281	I don’t follow political news much because I don’t want to disturb my inner peace.
3282	I don’t get paid to promote the film.
3283	I don’t have the faith; I have no faith.
3284	“I don’t have to buy relatively expensive California wine.
3285	"I don't know anybody that's ready to vote for this," he said.
3286	“I don’t know anyone besides law students on campus,” Tornquist said, “so I can’t be particularly biased toward anybody or any particular group.”
3287	I don’t know how anyone can watch and listen to the garbage spewed on The View.
3288	“I don’t know if this country is ready but I think it’s a discussion we have to start thinking about.”
3289	“I don’t know what the kids think, but I think it’s a pretty good activity,” Eberhardt said.
3290	"I don't like to look back," Jagr said.
3291	“I don’t mean to be putting anything on you,” she said.
3292	I don’t put a whole lot of stock in those kinds of things but I’m always grateful for them.
3293	“I don’t see how it makes the game better,” Winston said.
3294	I don’t think he realized it then, but I really let everything he said sink in, whether we were talking between periods or on the road at dinner.
3295	"I don't think our opponents have the courage to do that.
3296	“I don’t think people should make fun of addiction.”
3297	I don’t think you can sue the legislature.
3298	I don’t understand that thought process.
3299	“I don’t wear clothes for other people,” he added.
3300	"I don't wish death on anyone, but for purely educational purposes, I have a warning for anyone who dreams of such a career," he said.
3301	I’d rather go swimming when a cow is chilling in the ocean.
3302	I’d say about four and twenty.
3303	I enjoy a few days of being housebound because of weather just for piddling.
3304	I even had student government come to my apartment telling me to register to vote in this district since it’s “a highly contested one” over this past summer.
3305	If a candidate answers all the 150 questions (without skipping any question), the candidate will have an option of attempting 12 (twelve) extra questions, if there is still time left.
3306	If ADS were to lose a major partner, it may leave the AIR MILES program irrelevant for point accumulation for many collectors.
3307	If a man or woman is not satisfied with the fact that they don’t have the title of “husband” or “wife” then they are free to leave the relationship whenever they want to leave the relationship.
3308	If any match was to stir behind-the-scenes drama this weekend, this might be the one to do it.
3309	If anyone has information about the identity or the whereabouts of the suspects call Unity RCMP at 306-228-6300.
3310	If a vehicle is 2,032mm (80 inches) wide or wider, it has to have three little lamps mounted “as high as practicable” to indicate there’s a Big Ol’Boy coming through.
3311	If "caught sayof" headlines aren't played out yet, then the whole coleslaw thing has years more of life to go.
3312	If Cohen goes to prison that’s his own undoing.
3313	If confirmed, Kavanaugh would consolidate conservative control of the nation’s highest court and advance Trump’s broad effort to shift the American judiciary to the right.
3314	If confirmed, Lambrew would inherit an agency shaped over the last eight years by outgoing fiscally conservative Gov. Paul LePage and former commissioner Mary Mayhew, who together pushed for Maine to devote its resources to the “truly needy.”
3315	If costly uncertainty persists, we could quickly reach the point where there is no turning back.
3316	If cultural icon Kanye West is chewed up for an unpopular opinion and a conservative publication is shunned from Facebook, America is still not safe for you or me, or Marco Rubio as president.
3317	IF current form is anything to go by, Chicken Inn, who have gone on a six-match unbeaten run in the Castle Lager Premier Soccer League, have the edge over title contenders Ngezi Platinum Stars when the two sides clash at Luveve Stadium this afternoon.
3318	“I feel a kinship,” said Nafatali Hirsch, a retired aviation professional.
3319	"I feel ambushed as the Majority," said a flustered Graham.
3320	“I feel incredibly lucky to get to spend an evening celebrating and applauding this outstanding collective of artists, friends, collaborators, and creatives.
3321	I feel like if Will had a better moisturizer for his hair, he wouldn’t be making such rash decisions.
3322	“I feel like that’s going to carry us in a positive direction for the rest of the season and especially for this upcoming week,” linebacker Josh Ross said.
3323	“I feel that the Atlas patrols have increased over the years, which helps us feel more protected.”
3324	I feel the hole now.
3325	I feel very proud and humble knowing that in a small way I played a part in helping the team win such an important award,” said Beckstrom.
3326	I felt like I was home.”
3327	I felt like last year we could have won more races.”
3328	If he can continue to capitalize on those things and give them the artistic attention like he did with Monday’s promo, the crowd will continue to move in his favor.
3329	If I'm glaring at them, sure.
3330	I find the above email from Officer Earhardt to be credible.
3331	If inflation numbers are higher than expected, we could see some volatility from the US dollar as well as the stock markets.
3332	If I registered this domain under my personal name the only data related to me is the state and country.
3333	If I turn quickly enough, maybe I’ll just catch a glimpse of Shoeless Joe Jackson, my grandfather, or Dad or hear the sound of a ball popping a fresh-oiled mitt.
3334	“If it was just a tussling, trying to get him down, okay that would be something different.
3335	If it was mine clearance, then is it possible the Saudi-led anti-Houthi coalition was planning a military operation from the sea and needed to make sure the path was clear to bring in troops and supplies.
3336	If it were August, outcome may have been different.
3337	If it weren’t shown every commercial break, it would be harmless.
3338	If most of the savings went to the insurance company, another check may be coming next month but the crisis is today.
3339	If needed, Fellows can also take additional English language courses at their host universities.
3340	If only two commissioners were seated and they cannot agree on an appointee, the presiding commissioner would be able to make the appointment.
3341	I found the process quite difficult, despite being raised bilingually in my earlier years.
3342	If passed and signed into law, it’s expected to cost the state $50,000 — but that money would help Virginia State Police update their computer systems for the program.
3343	If people think I’m a storyteller, they ought to hear my dad.
3344	If Robertson is unable to go, redshirt junior Khaylan Kearse-Thomas would get the starting nod.
3345	I froze momentarily in my tracks.
3346	If sentiments such as “they are all the same” and “nothing changes” are something you utter frequently, then perhaps your vote is more important than you think.
3347	If she can consolidate most of the support that had gone to the other candidates in the race, Moser may well win that head-to-head contest.
3348	If she wants to spend time with my boyfriend, they should make separate plans.
3349	“If someone is a private owner of a cat, and they say, ‘Oh, I can’t handle this cat, I want to get rid of it,’ we actually have them sign a contract that says they will never again own an exotic cat.”
3350	“If someone kind of looks up to me and use me as a role model, that’s what I feel anyone would want,” she said.
3351	If so, then he has potentially landed a significant role in the sequel.
3352	If Texas was to put an offer on the table, Davis says they would be a top school for him.
3353	If that happens, no guarantees can be given to the stability of the power system of the country,” he said.
3354	If that scenario unfolds, then the luxury condominium market may do just fine in British Columbia in coming years.
3355	If that was my son, I would be completely insane by the time death finally came.
3356	If the author were to list out every example, it would either become a woefully distracting tangent or it would become the subject of the article itself rather than merely a supporting statement.
3357	If the brilliant Belgian is at his best, Maurizio Sarri's Chelsea will be Premier League champions he claimed.
3358	If the current trend continues gold will surely continue to decrease in value.
3359	If the DMC stands for some type of "Mutant Containment" or "Mutant Control," this is a giant step toward connecting Deadpool and his movies to the existing X-Men film franchise.
3360	If the family desires to meet again to express additional concerns or to receive updated information, the District Attorney will be happy to do so.”
3361	“If the minister for sports finds these commitments satisfactory he will decide on whether to revoke his decision.”
3362	If the number of tickets requested by 31 January 2018 exceeds the number of available tickets, the allocation will be based on a random selection draw procedure, with fans being informed of its outcome by mid-March 2018 at the latest.
3363	If the Razorbacks only split these six contests, then they'll be a rather staid 20-11, middling seed in the SEC tourney.
3364	If there is a sudden shift in your need for lubricant and now things feel very dry, it is worth checking out.
3365	“If there is hunger on earth, it is not because food is missing!”
3366	If there was any doubt about the fractured state of Saga and Henrik’s relationship, the silent shot of them walking towards separate cars after interrogating Malene spoke volumes.
3367	"If there were less crowds or more guards, then maybe this can be prevented.
3368	If these releases beat expectations, the dollar could recover some of its recent losses and send gold prices lower.
3369	If the sponsors had taken the time to talk to a few farmers, these simple facts would have been understood.
3370	If the Trump administration abandons threatened tariffs.
3371	If the whites are so superior, how come all the amazing musicians marching on the Krewe Du Vieux parade last night were black, and the only skill the white folk exhibited was being able to dress up in a costume, and walk behind the floats…
3372	If they are assigned to a hotel room with no view, for example, though a room with a view was guaranteed in advance, they do not protest.
3373	If they are coalitions, who and what are they coalescing with and against respectively?
3374	If they succeed in getting a card issued, they will go on a spending spree, racking up large balances in your name.
3375	“If this should spur us on to create a society with lower carbon emissions, then that would become an important legacy of the event,” he said.
3376	“If this was to be her end, I would have preferred she was never born,” she said.
3377	If today’s Poles want “an activist project” involving Jews, I value their interest, their comradeship, their creativity.
3378	If Voice Match isn’t on, open your notification shade and tap the “Touch to start” Voice Access notification.
3379	If we got the new truck we would have them in back seat and therefore be able put them on while on our way to a job.
3380	“If we had played spin better, scored a little bit quicker, I’d say we would be ahead,” said Williams.
3381	“If we have more people play like he did last week, we’ll be good.”
3382	If we only focus on the signals — the behaviors — we overlook the problems that are causing those behaviors.
3383	If we take a holistic look at an economy, the summary is that a nation is as rich or poor based on family incomes.
3384	If you actually stand up for yourself and don’t play their games, they perceive it as humiliation, as you being unfair, even abusive to them.
3385	”If you applied that to everything, everyone would drive the worst car, drink the cheapest coffee.
3386	If you are a stockbroker or a teacher or a truck driver, you probably do not even know that it exists.
3387	If you are not familiar with what violence is, you can try to get yourself close” to it today (in normal times).
3388	If you are now working on how to tie head gear with Ankara, make sure the pleats don’t steal the beauty of the pattern.
3389	If you are old on the job, you get good targets.
3390	If you are tired of asking your friends for rides, are looking to cut down on your gas bill, or want to pick up more sustainable habits, you should give public transportation a try.
3391	If you believe in things you’ve got to speak up and accept that some people are going to slag you off.
3392	If you'd feel guilty about ducking out of work for an hour to catch up on sleep, we get it.
3393	If you do not have an embassy in Kuwait, please seek help at the shelter.
3394	If you don’t confront your fears, your intentions for change will likely get lost in a vicious cycle of self-doubt.
3395	“If you don’t hear something coming from my voice, then it’s not true,” he said.
3396	If you don’t know Charles personally, you shouldn’t comment on him.
3397	If you doubt that, just have a look at the featured image under the “” tab at the White House.
3398	If you earn $4000/month you pay $35.92/week and your employer pays $35.92/week for SI.
3399	If you ever get a bad back or sprained ankle and need quick and safe pain relief you will now have to wait and then pay a lot of money to see a doctor, rather than getting quick and safe pain relief from a tablet containing codeine, like Panadeine Extra.
3400	If you feel like you’re forcing yourself to stay to see if your mood will improve, try something else instead — like an Uber or Lyft to Pizza Classics or an early night in with a movie playing.
3401	If you find you rank for a number of terms, your next steps are pretty straightforward.
3402	If you go only by English-language articles, the Vemac RD320R is the first major race car from Vemac, a small Japanese team that has competed with mixed success in GT300, the kind of wild lower tier to Super GT’s top GT500 class.
3403	If you happen to be walking down Los Muertos Beach any Friday morning, stop in at the Marsol Hotel lobby and visit our market.
3404	If you have a desire for reading to babies in the hospital contact Memorial’s Volunteer Services program.
3405	If you have a stomach tumor that is extending up into the esophagus, you might experience something called dysphagia, or difficulty swallowing.
3406	If you haven’t done it before, if you haven’t done it in the time frame that’s allotted to you, which is in seconds, it can be a little difficult.
3407	If you have to silence a third-party candidate because your candidate cannot win otherwise, that tells me that you either have a crappy candidate or a crappy message.
3408	If you have very small children, it is advisable to teach them the following basic safety rules if they see a firearm: Stop.
3409	If you honestly think you found them message me please!
3410	If you’ll remember, every charged particle has an that’s (almost) exactly the same except with the opposite charge.
3411	If you need a Tesmo Universe Book, you’re going to have to pay for it.
3412	If your child loses a permanent tooth, act quickly, but don’t panic.
3413	If you're a Federal University student, tuition fee.
3414	If you’re going to be “hot and spicy” with your partner, it’s probably best you keep it in the bedroom and not in a booth like the couple below did.
3415	If you're in triple digits, just go ahead and slap that scarlet letter on your jacket pocket now.
3416	“If you’re looking at community resilience…built around one person, how are you building community resilience?
3417	If you’re looking for a sweet-and-spicy deep-fried turkey, try out this recipe, which takes about an hour.
3418	If you're looking to treat yourself, consider The Brown Palace Hotel and Spa.
3419	If you’re not already a fan of earth’s feather makers, Wachira who started the Youth Conservation Awareness Programme to nurture young environmental enthusiasts in Kenya would make you realise the importance of conservation of birds.
3420	If you're out an about on Thursday and Friday nights and you see a bubbly woman dressed in a St. Bernard costume, don't be alarmed!
3421	If you’re struggling to find a Valentine’s Day gift for the one you love, the Bryanston East Community Forum have a unique and lasting gift to help show your affection.
3422	"If you're too transactional about your talent, it'll be hard to attract good talent."
3423	If your group is visiting a large attraction, then pick a centrally located spot and turn it into the rendezvous spot, should someone become separated from the group.
3424	If your self-esteem depends on how good you think the current Star Wars is, or your childhood is ruined because you don’t like something in a movie, GO TO THERAPY.
3425	If you say Obi does not lose battles, you won’t be far from the truth.
3426	If you think about the happiness of the other guys, it is a beautiful thing.
3427	If you want an effective policy, you must pay attention to the mechanisms involved.
3428	If you were high, you probably would have laughed.
3429	If you would aim for a moderate return and might need the money to cover living expenses, stand-alone long-term-care insurance may make more sense.
3430	I get attracted more to the critical social media views.
3431	I get that and like I said, if they were on her property I understand her being upset.
3432	Iggy canceled a 2015 United States tour with her music.
3433	I give him a snowball’s chance in Phoenix.
3434	I got really emotional watching them.
3435	I guess he missed the part about how he can’t (constitutionally) shut it down?
3436	I guess one of the big take-a-ways of this story is that China and Russia are sharing information like this.
3437	I had 11:00am appointment to load.
3438	I had a colonoscopy yesterday and 13 polps were removed.
3439	“I had a great time in Atlanta.
3440	I had high hopes for season 2, but during its panel at San Diego Comic-Con this year it seemed like they stepped up and fixed what was wrong with the show.
3441	IHadMeAVision: Do these things have an actual purpose or are they just for people too lazy to measure out detergent?
3442	I had never heard anything, there was nothing in my interaction - I sit next to him on the House floor - nothing in my interaction that's ever suggesting anything even remotely close to what we're seeing today,' GOP Rep. Mike McKell said.
3443	I had to throw the example off the roof.
3444	I had to work Saturday and Sunday to cover for the more senior waiters, but I was off that Easter Friday.
3445	I had way too much to do and I wasn't interested in what they had to say.
3446	I happen to like her a whole lot, but you can dislike her all you want, you can hope and pray that Crowley gets the seat back in the next election, but let us please leave the "being shitty to people about not having money" to the Republicans.
3447	"I have a nose, and a mouth so I’m able to smile, to speak and eat solid foods again.”
3448	I have a well worn path to the ladies' bathroom at work because I make myself drink so much H2O throughout the day.
3449	"I have been invited here in Mutare as a political party not in Bulawayo.
3450	“I have been proud and blessed to have had the opportunity to work with my constituents to make the neighborhoods of the 7th District great places to live, work and raise a family”, Rep. Short said.
3451	“I have been really lucky to travel the world with football, and do some things I never dreamed of doing and I know I wouldn’t have been able to do them without the support of Shrewsbury Town.
3452	I have decided to give up driving and my wife would benefit from an automatic small car with self-parking.
3453	“I have found new talents in this generation in India.
3454	I have great memories of that tournament.
3455	“I have had my whole life either being in Lansdowne Road in Dublin (where Ireland play) or watching it on TV or watching it in pubs all over the world just screaming ‘go on Ireland, come on Ireland’ and how could I not call myself Irish?”
3456	I have made a modest start.
3457	I have more shoes and boots to bring in. Glad to have Beyond Shoe Repair in Wilton.
3458	“I have never enjoyed being a woman since I had this condition.
3459	“I have NEVER held a government office and/or position and could not therefore have had any access to government funds.
3460	I have no idea where you live or if you are even looking but I thought I would share.
3461	I have now been barred from participating in a vice president’s press briefing.
3462	I have resorted to using references to make it clear that my indignation and the indignation of all patriotic Sierra Leoneans for your administrative mess are rational.
3463	I have to be ordered by the judge to remove a particular prisoner, and the particulars of the prisoner is going to be listed on the order, and then I’ll be obliged to do so, because then, I’d be in contempt of the court itself,” Murillo said.
3464	“I have tried coping with her for years but I can’t anymore.
3465	I have yet to understand why they did that to me but in all, I thank God.
3466	Iheanacho had come on for Shinji Okazaki on the hour while his compatriot, Wilfred Ndidi, played all 90 minutes.
3467	I highly doubt he could have with his strategy.
3468	I hit the dashboard's red EMERGENCY triangle, and my hazard lights flash on, only to be greeted by a toxic cloud of plaintive wails and beeps, as the endless river of outraged traffic is diverted by the impertinent rock of my bad luck.
3469	I hope it does not knock his confidence for the Tests.
3470	I hope it is lead or depleted uranium padded.
3471	“I hope that it does indicate a different approach to enforcing the laws, and that that would be shown by an overall increase — not just a shift from the state level to the federal level,” she said.
3472	“I hope Unai Emery plays the side that finished the game against Tottenham, playing two up front with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette because that will cause United all sorts of problems.
3473	I imagine I'll be learning more for as long as I live.
3474	I included this in my mid year list as well and for a damn good reason.
3475	I just bless the rains down in Africa that aesthetics aren’t the primary concern on a safety item!
3476	I just do want to bash the state for not taking responsibility for this wall when we were building the Lagoon Pond bridge,” he said.
3477	I just gently told the local Comelec personnel concerned to take good care of the forms we filed so that these may not join the ranks of the desaparecidos, “pakiusap lang po, huwag naman kami sanang ma-Trillanes,” haha.
3478	I just have to figure out what we have to do and they do it.
3479	“I just hope that this sort of sends out a message for people to see the good in others and that helping your peers could be life-changing for them,” Scofield says.
3480	“I just sat in my car and cried and cried in disbelief.”
3481	"I just see it every day and its starting to pay dividends," he said.
3482	“I just wanted to bring it up because I don’t think we should forget it,” she said.
3483	“I just wanted to submit that to the city council and then leave.
3484	“I just want to give a shout out to all my teammates of the past.”
3485	I just wish it happened sooner then maybe we would have less addicts around.
3486	I just wish they'd taken into account what I was saying.
3487	“I kind of think Sandy Springs never had an identity,” one resident said, “We need it to be more than commercial and shopping strips.”
3488	I knew I needed to get to the Press-Tribune and coordinate whatever coverage was necessary.
3489	I know a lot of composers use animal sounds as “instruments” in composition (Bernie Krause comes to mind).
3490	I know here in Mississippi, we’ve had these issues all of my life.
3491	I know it seems that I’m always praising the restaurants I review and, although that’s true, I am always totally honest.
3492	I know I’ve placed better in track every year, but I love the fall.
3493	I know my mom’s going to be really happy.”
3494	I know now we have to put up with shoe shopping discussions at our party meetings.
3495	I know that sounds high-minded, but I’m merely referencing my own experiences as a music fan.
3496	I know without a doubt that congressional leaders, if they wanted to, could solve this problem.
3497	I like My MyPillow.
3498	“I like that he wanted to say a goodbye because he was close with a lot of the Benedictine Community,” said student Tahany Harb.
3499	I like the idea of someone showing me around their town, going “That’s the park.
3500	“I like to assist rather than score,” Gastin said.
3501	I like to give my viewers something onto which they can hang their hats, so rather than being a pure abstract artist, I consider myself a surrealist.”
3502	I like working at DCMA because every day I encounter something new or different.
3503	I like working at home with headphones in the kitchen.
3504	I live in an old house (much smaller than his), don’t have a McDonalds within sixty miles, but my car is fairly new (a 2013 Smart).
3505	I live next door to them.
3506	I live out here in L.A. Right now, I will FaceTime or Skype with her, but I can’t help her if she needs help.
3507	I’ll decorate here and style the chalkboards if people are having parties.
3508	I’ll have to ask my people then get back to you as soon as possible.”
3509	“I’ll tell you a secret,” McCullough said.
3510	“I look forward to having a nice night,” he says.
3511	I look forward to releasing the Bellevue City Schools quality profile within the next week.
3512	'I lost my equilibrium and was struggling to get my confidence back; find a new identity where I was one plus two: me and the kids.
3513	I love a cult beauty round-up as this is my life’s work pretty much: sorting the wheat from the chaff on the never-ending crusade for the ultimate beauty edit.
3514	“I loved the book.
3515	I love how easy it is to find a peaceful spot in my heart and rest awhile there when I need to.
3516	I love Janelle Monae — she began as someone who was just steeped in science fiction, right?
3517	I love that that pulse is steady and healthy and strong.
3518	“I love them ….
3519	I love the sport part of it but I never felt at home for some reason.”
3520	I’m African American.’
3521	Imagine a chips ahoy or gummy candy with a 10 mg. dose of high potency hash oil cooked in. It’s just enough to get you stoned, but not enough to notice the taste.
3522	Imagine a parent calling up their child and saying, ‘My child, I am not feeling well, can you take me to doctor?
3523	I make my own, using the recipe available on many "do it yourself" websites.
3524	I’m a Pats fan but I acknowledge Brady’s poor record there.
3525	I may initiate a stock position or attempt to purchase a similar derivative strategy on the Japanese shares directly.
3526	I’m curious about exactly how you were attacked by someone kneeling?
3527	“I’m definitely against any future tax increases.
3528	“I’m doing better now,” Clinton replied.
3529	“I mean, goaltending was outstanding in the series.”
3530	I mean I know people within my age range who have held the same job for at least 5 years or longer, we have started families, we understand the importance of responsibility and we’re not afraid to stand up and let our voices be heard.
3531	I mean they’ve made a fortune playing football.
3532	I mean, you have no clue.
3533	I merely localized a story that had previously been well-reported.
3534	I’m furious that this stuff was in our house, he could have gone to jail for a very long time.
3535	I’m going to side with the judges on this one just because of that damn Heller decision.
3536	I’m green, Emerald City is green.
3537	I’m here today so my son could get some justice.”
3538	“I’m hoping what we can provide is a bit of a history lesson on the Catholic Church for people who want to know more.
3539	I'm interested in the study of humanity."
3540	“I missed Italia ’90,” the journalist Con Houlihan wrote.
3541	“I’m just focused on what I have right now – the Tuesday job,” Garcia said.
3542	Immigration authorities separated the migrant families as part of the zero tolerance policy established by U.S. president Donald Trump a few months ago.
3543	Immigration officials raided nearly 100 7-Eleven stores across the country this morning checking the immigration status of store employees.
3544	I’m not a fan of labels, but if you’re looking for a “checking forward”, Stone is a great place to start: responsible in all three zones while also having the capability of driving play up the ice and putting the puck in the net.
3545	I'm not concerned, just observant.
3546	“I’m not convinced, I know I’m in the minority, that Dr. Ford won’t appear Monday,” Kennedy said.
3547	I'm not crying, you're crying.
3548	“I’m not going to continue to go back and tap into the days of old when I’ve moved on and I’m in a completely different space in my life.”
3549	“I’m not sure how it was that I stepped out to hit the three.
3550	I'm not sure if he's actually crazy, or just (very) slow.
3551	I’m not sure these guys have a refrigerator.
3552	I’m not used to that.”
3553	"I'm optimistic that very soon we'll be able to reach an agreement," Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters.
3554	Imo state today lies prostrate from seven and half years of mis-governance originally promoted by APGA.
3555	Impermanence is definitely a key component in the floor piece “the space between us is vast and unfathomable,” as is language.
3556	'I'm pleased he's been handed a lengthy jail sentence.
3557	Implemented by AHCA/NCAL in 1996, the National Quality Award Program is centered on the core values and criteria of the Baldrige Performance Excellence Program.
3558	Importantly, both the Browns and the NFL seem happy to accommodate his needs.
3559	Impress your plus-one and look up some facts about the sculptures before – there’s nothing like a casual name drop to score some points.
3560	Improved security,what, how, why where?
3561	Imran Akram of AXA Venture Partners, who will be joining the board, said: “hackajob have transformed recruiting with data, evidenced by the proportion of recommended candidates who are hired and we are excited to be helping them expand internationally.”
3562	“I’m ready for Bo and Vladdy to be on the big league roster, to be honest,” Stroman said.
3563	I’m really getting sick and tired of 1) being lumped in with Lanza and the Columbine punks and 2) being made a scapegoat to deflect from the psychopath John Wayne Gacy LaPierre and the craven cash hoarders of the GOP.
3564	“I’m seeking talent and I’m seeking people that could connect the dots.”
3565	I’m shocked I could ever say that about a Republican.
3566	“I’m so proud to be a black woman in Georgia right now” says Charisse Price, an Atlanta resident and national curriculum director for the New Leaders Council, who arrived at the Abrams’ victory party to celebrate.
3567	I’m still in disbelief that UMBC won,” said Nick Kelly, a UMBC economics professor.
3568	I’m sure he didn’t fire six shots.
3569	I’m sure it’s going to be a hostile territory, but I’ll impose my will on him.
3570	I’m surprised we haven’t seen more about security measures for the wedding.
3571	I’m tired of big ass sandwiches that are too big to bite into, fall apart under the weight of their fillings, or are so loaded with spreads and sauces the bread becomes soggy.
3572	“I’m totally shocked at the reaction.”
3573	I'm very proud of the result.
3574	In 106 theaters, the feature starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Carey Mulligan took in $142,638 in the three-day estimate, averaging $1,346.
3575	In 1636, China invaded Korea forcing the king and his court to a mountain fortress.
3576	In 1792, blacks were excluded from joining the militia, which was created under the 2nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
3577	In 1871, Arlee, a Nez Percé by birth, acquiesced to the U.S. government’s demands that the Bitterroot Salish relocate.
3578	In 1920, two shifts were established, with firefighters working 24 hours and then having 24 hours off.
3579	In 1928, Agnes Whitlock of Gettysburg donated 160 acres of land in Sully County for the benefit of the State Historical Society.
3580	In 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an act making the National Guard part of the U.S. Army in the event of war or national emergency.
3581	In 1954, Israel abolished the death sentence in civilian cases of murder.
3582	In 1977, three members of the rock group Lynyrd Skynyrd, including lead singer Ronnie Van Zant, were killed along with three others in the crash of a chartered plane near McComb, Mississippi.
3583	In 1982, Smith ran for re-election, but Jefferson County Commissioner Bed Erdreich defeated him.
3584	In 1987 Golden Gate hired Leroy Gainey.
3585	In 1990, there was the transition of Bobby Cox coming from the front office to the manager’s seat, and some of the young guys started to develop.
3586	In 1991, Madikizela-Mandela was charged with Moeketsi’s killing.
3587	In 2000, Dan got involved in the governance of the dairy industry.
3588	In 2005, Wangchuk was appointed as a member in the National Governing Council for Elementary Education in the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
3589	In 2010, the municipal debt sat at $162 million.
3590	In 2015-2016, gonorrhea increased 11.5 percent in 15-19-year-olds, and 10.9 percent in 20-24-year-olds.
3591	In 2015, he was sentenced to three to five years in jail for stealing $130,000 from an elderly woman he was caring for.
3592	In 2015, it opened a 460-foot boardwalk and trail at its Eshqua Bog Preserve in Hartland, also designed and built by Timber and Stone.
3593	In 2017, the 15-20 age group represented 7.8 percent (80) of all traffic deaths, with 57.5 percent (46) of those deaths being the driver.
3594	In 2017, the team went 11-19 and 8-8 in conference play, but have high hopes of being more competitive this year.
3595	In 2018, both completely illogical options make the equal amount of sense!
3596	In 2018, Mayor Niang and the city council organised a celebration to mark the return of Princess Anta.
3597	In 2019, Paraguay will top the regional ranking with a growth rate of 3.9%, followed by Peru and Bolivia with 3.8% each.
3598	“In 2019, PDP will be stopped, and will never exist again.
3599	In 5 years no samples?
3600	In a 1988 case called Department of the Navy v. Egan, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that federal courts do not have jurisdiction to hear substantive challenges to the revocation of a security clearance.
3601	In a bid to address criticism of vice-chancellors’ pay, the government this year established a new watchdog, the Office for Students, to ensure that those studying at university receive value for money.
3602	In a court filing, U.S. customs officer James Brown said Krueger caused a stir on Flight 87 on Jan.
3603	In addition, it argued that the country's budget process takes very little feedback from the public, and the final budget document does not reveal how the meagre feedbacks are used.
3604	In addition they are sharing their own enthusiasm, which are often very close to home, with the kids.
3605	In addition to Dr. Lin, he also invited top experts in the field of food, block chain and intelligent hardware to participate in the Ifoodschain project.
3606	In addition to its famous stout, the new Guinness brewery is offering India Pale Ale as well as wheat beers, lagers and more experimental brews with names like Guava Wit and Cherry Stout.
3607	In addition to not containing the key ingredient, products could be contaminated with chemicals like pesticides, said Diekhoff.
3608	In addition to the poor treatment and conditions the animals are subjected to, consuming canine meat poses serious health risks to people, including diseases such as rabies and cholera.
3609	In addition to the United States, his sold-out world concert tours have taken him to North and South America, Europe and the Far East.
3610	In addition, when developers work on shorter commit cycles, it is less likely for multiple developers to be editing the same code and requiring a merge when committing.
3611	“In a difficult moment, Billy reminded me — and us all — where we can find strength,” Bush wrote.
3612	In Africa, term limits have acted as a democratic safety net for the untamed African presidency, and their removal has often been counterproductive.
3613	In a future where the media is an opiate, history is rewritten and “firemen” burn books, Jordan plays Montag, a young fireman who struggles with his role as law enforcer.
3614	In a heart-wrenching tribute, her family has said they will always remember their beloved Gemma Rich with ‘love and pride’.
3615	In a heart-wrenching tweet dated November 30, Brocklell, writing on behalf of herself and her husband, shared the news that baby Sohan will be stillborn.
3616	In a keynote address delivered on his behalf by NNPC Chief Operating Officer (COO), Gas and Power, Engr.
3617	In a maturing craft beer market, you’ll still find wide selection and unique beers, old favorites and brews that become new favorites, and plenty of reasons to support your local brewery.
3618	In an earlier column (‘Don’t just light the fire’, IE, May 31, 2017), we had pointed out that incinerating unsegregated municipal solid waste to generate electricity in Indian cities is unsustainable.
3619	In an effort to boost its economy, China has recently started greenlighting coal projects that had been on hold.
3620	In an effort to get everything perfect for Mira’s debut, he’s given up the gym, his Portuguese lessons and has been living on a steady diet of takeout food—but he does manage to make himself breakfast every day.
3621	In an effort to maximize benefits and retain value from Guyana’s petroleum resources, considerable focus will be given towards Capacity Development, Local Content and Value Addition,” Guyana’s Second Draft Local Content Policy states.
3622	In a news conference on Wednesday the Turkish presidential spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said prevention of violence against women was a top priority for the presidency.
3623	In an interview with MLB Network’s Al Leiter on Wednesday, Benintendi acknowledged Red Sox fans’ of his haircut, but it doesn’t sound like he has any regrets.
3624	In an interview with The News Service of Florida on Nov. 9, Latvala insisted he never groped Perrin Rogers or any other women during his time in the Senate but admitted his remarks may have been out of line.
3625	In an interview with the Washington Post, Merritt said that the warrant fit into “a familiar pattern” seen in police shootings involving black victims.
3626	In announcing the plan Tuesday, Mayor Rahm Emanuel acknowledged significant disparities in the quality of school facilities.
3627	In an online world that often seems overrun by catfishing, bots, and anonymous trolls, more women maintain that their best self is their real self.
3628	In another anecdote he said: 'One afternoon Dale & I were out shopping & some policeman were standing on the street corner.
3629	In another case at the Lower House on Tuesday, lawmaker U Maung Myint of the Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) raised an objection to the term “dark era of education” used by peer lawmaker U Min Thein.
3630	In another text to her cousin, who was also her father's business partner, Andrea called Manafort "a sick f---ing tyrant."
3631	In another tweet, the Drive issued a statement saying, "The Drive family is mourning the tragic loss of Zeke Upshaw.
3632	In another, Yehudit and I sit leaning over a photo of Gabi and Rivka, arms around one another, heads touching.
3633	In any case, passivity is not a solution to determining our roles in society.
3634	INAPH calculates optimal feed mixes for each of the 2.4 million animals in more than 30,000 villages, with a local resource person trained to use the software and provide advisory services to farmers.
3635	In a phone interview, Jacob said the government has a responsibility to try to repair the damage it caused over the last 30 years when it allowed loggers, hunters and outdoor enthusiasts to overrun the forest.
3636	In a post on Twitter she said that her mother, who works as a carer, was also injured.
3637	In April, Mozilla said it was easing into adding sponsored stories - if not ads per se, then what the magazine business once called "advertorials" - to the Pocket feed.
3638	In a race that featured 364 runners, Schaffer recorded a time of 24:37, good for second-best in Binghamton history for the 8,000-meter course, placing sixth across all four men’s races that day.
3639	In a sense they are based on stereotypes and are familiar to the audience, but they come with their own quirks,” she says.
3640	In a shutdown, uniformed and civilian Pentagon personnel would not get paid unless Congress passes an emergency measure to exempt them, according to Pentagon Comptroller Dennis Norquist.
3641	In a standout episode from the show's fourth season, Carol is forced to take drastic measures when young teenager Lizzie murders her sister Mika in the belief that she'll live on as a zombie.
3642	In a statement Monday, Justice Department spokeswoman Kerri Kupec said it was based on “centuries of practice and precedent” and “comports with … actions of U.S. presidents, both Republican and Democrat.”
3643	In a statement on Saturday, Canadian Olympic Committee CEO Chris Overholt said the Korean police had concluded their investigation and that the team members had been released.
3644	In a statement, village organizers argued that officials “are making progress, but many people continue to fall between the cracks.
3645	In a study with mice, the researchers attached a molecule to the drug that fluoresces when it is struck with infrared light.
3646	In a Taunton Daily Gazette article in 2003, Munise talked about the many years he spent patrolling the streets of the now-demolished Fairfax Gardens, the public housing complex on DeWert Avenue.
3647	In August, Sir Michael recounted an “awkward dinner” he had shared with the comic in which he said Sir Billy “no longer recognises close friends”.
3648	In a verdict widely predicted by analysts, Chief Justice Luke Malaba strongly criticised the MDC’s case and upheld Mnangagwa’s win.
3649	In a way, as great as the Steve Austin vs. Vince McMahon storyline was for business, it started one of the worst trends in pro wrestling that just won’t go away.
3650	In a way, Mutharika suggests, by denying Africa representation in the Security Council, the UN is reneging on the principles of democracy and equality that it preaches, therefore subjecting itself to criticism for hypocrisy and partial relevance.
3651	In a withering assessment, Chief Justice Luke Malaba concluded that virtually all of the allegations in the petition simply lacked specificity and particularity and were not supported by primary evidence.
3652	In a world where fast fashion rules and personal style is increasingly hard to come by, getting to spend a day with a personal stylist sounds like a dream.
3653	In Brixton she later saw a man "getting his head bashed in with a pole 30 metres away.
3654	In business for over a century, this family-owned shop offers handcrafted mochi with flavors like strawberry, mango blueberry and more, along with shaved ice and other sweet treats.
3655	In Cable’s case, his brain was manipulated using Deathlok technology to be able to see the future.
3656	Incheon is also among the top consulting firms in Indonesia and the Philippines.
3657	In China, I know I could find a good job because my parents know people, but maybe it’s not based on how good I am but rather how they view my parents who connected me to the job.”
3658	In China, stocks slid as U.S tariffs reignited fears of a global trade war, which has overshadowed China A-shares’ inclusion in MSCI’s benchmark market indexes – its expected to attract a lot of foreign capital inflows.
3659	In class, I sat alongside some of those who have suffered.
3660	In contrast, 108 persons were injured in bear attacks and two killed.
3661	In contrast to the brave women it pays homage to, the Bletchley Circle: San Francisco doesn’t break new ground but its twisting story is well told and it remains particularly good at tackling women’s lives after the Second World War.
3662	"In cooking, there are those who are rap and those who are concerto," he told the French newsmagazine L'Express before the publication of his 2005 biography.
3663	In court, Barry didn’t say how she stole money from the city, but investigators have said they believe she engaged in the affair while she was on city-paid trips and Forrest was on the clock.
3664	Increasingly, Merz was unable to hide his dislike for Merkel.
3665	Increasingly unsettled in Dean House, Matilda is drawn to a room with a blue door and her quest for truth threatens to drive a wedge between her and Hal Fine, played by Joel Fry.
3666	Increasing the defence budget would also send a strong message to Moscow.
3667	Increasing the value of current customers while attracting new ones.
3668	In critical condition, Ms Yousafzai was flown to the garrison city of Rawalpindi before being airlifted to Birmingham in Britain for emergency treatment.
3669	Incumbent County Assessor Tom Bordonaro Jr. is seeking his fifth term in the assessor’s office, and he is facing a challenge from his former deputy.
3670	Indeed, a 4:14 minute video of 1670 Broadway describes it is as a “coveted Class A trophy tower” and a “rare opportunity” to buy an ‘’irreplaceable tower.”
3671	Indeed, I must recognize all the candidates who ran against me in the last gubernatorial election for putting up a formidable fight.
3672	Indeed, over 70 per cent of deaths each year are accountable to lifestyle-related diseases,” he noted.
3673	Indeed the opposite.
3674	Indeed, the results should be viewed purely for entertainment purposes.
3675	Indeed, the world may consider the possibility that it can be used to serve the greater good after all.
3676	“Indeed, this week, the first steps will be taken to introduce a private members bill on Equal Marriage at Westminster.
3677	In Denver we will have partly sunny skies on Saturday with a brisk north wind and highs in the chilly low 40s.
3678	In developing the new National Airline, the Federal Government should pay more attention to equitable bilateral trade agreement and profitable negotiations with technical partners.
3679	India also extended support to the peace offer made by the Afghan President “to the armed opposition for talks in February 2018”.
3680	India and China will go head to head in a football friendly for the first time in 21 years on Saturday with the home team a firm favourite despite poor recent form.
3681	India cancelled series with Pakistan in 2014 and 2015, claiming political tensions.
3682	India lost the match by 48 runs.
3683	INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – It didn’t take long for hungry central Indiana residents to receive food following Friday’s Pack the Pantries telethon.
3684	Indian social media users are now calling for a boycott of British Airways, with many Twitter users believing the family to have been ejected over the upset child.
3685	Individuality has meant being marooned.
3686	Individuals looking to move overseas face a range of tax implications, said Paulette Peterson, a director at international tax advisory firm PetersonSims.
3687	In doing so, it largely paraphrases the presented by Acting General Counsel for the Department of Defense William Castle in a set of December 2017 remarks.
3688	In doing so, the Bears will be aiming to walk away with their first road win of 2018, having dropped their first four thus far.
3689	In doing so, the politicians legitimized the continuum’s The moral panic surrounding Islam and Muslims.
3690	In Duluth, a ballot question asking whether to extend that school district’s existing property tax referendum in the amount of $372 per pupil was approved, along with a proposal to increase its general education revenue by $575 per pupil.
3691	Industrial toolmakers including Prime Supplies and Milwaukee will be demonstrating products.
3692	Industry has been one of America’s greatest achievements.
3693	In eastern Syria last week, American air and ground forces attacked Syrian pro-government military units, killing roughly 100 people, including some Russian advisors.
3694	I need to see everybody.
3695	In endless scenes each opens letters (yes, really) complete with smutty pictures that have been sent in by members of the public in response to online dating profiles.
3696	“In essence, this exception to the exemption relies on the theory that there is no legitimate interest in shielding deliberations about government wrongdoing.”
3697	"I never have seen anything like this," MacAulay said.
3698	“I never know if he’s serious or not.
3699	Inexplicably, she slowly turned her back to the near ropes and reached out toward the far side of the ring.
3700	In fact, all three MAFS couples looked so promising that the show’s relationship experts agreed Season 7 might well turn out to be the show’s most successful season ever!
3701	In fact, Cohen now says, the project was discussed multiple times within the company beyond January 2016.
3702	In fact, County Administrator David Twa and District 5 Supervisor Federal Glover, who represents Martinez, emailed county employees, urging them to report any misconduct in light of the rise of the “Me, Too” movement against sexual harassment.
3703	In fact, government, to the degree that it meddles in or interferes with the individual’s quest for freedom – or, stated more accurately, his self-interest – is the enemy.
3704	In fact, Roddenberry originally wanted her to have four of a certain body part-- but we won't get into all that, as it was an idea that was thankfully vetoed.
3705	In fact, the issue was on the president’s mind yesterday when Trump on Twitter, with his usual habit of capitalizing assorted words he finds important, “We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall.”
3706	“In fact, what we have seen is a contraction in loan books, as obligors have improved in their loan pay-downs, following the improved economic conditions and rising oil prices.”
3707	In fall 2008, Sechin ordered a fresh investigation into the Berezniki mining disaster.
3708	Informed by the motto, “my taxes, my duties — building my Zimbabwe”, the reforms are expected to make tax laws more understandable to taxpayers and induce voluntary compliance through self-assessment in order to forestall costly breaches.
3709	“Infrastructure plans have been developed for the facility which will also help to control access and safeguard them from vandals.”
3710	In furtherance of this, the group was undergoing a lot of reforms to enable it to meet the changing trends of auctioneering in the country.
3711	In getting back to his year in Rimouski, Ellis said he wasn’t sure what to expect initially, but the season worked out well.
3712	Ingrassia says the city will continue to monitor whether the balls actually improve public safety, and if they do not, they may try a different tactic.
3713	In her argument before the court, the A-G said the GFA was being used for illegal purposes, hence the government’s decision to protect the interest of the public.
3714	In her speech, Sam explained how she had a medical condition that created heavy bleeding, but the guards did not believe her — “a classic form of mental torture,” Turk said.
3715	In his address, the President of the group extolled Prince Madumere’s virtue of loyalty, humility, competence and contributions, which has a great support to Governor Okorocha’s successes in governance.
3716	In his message, Mr Awuku expressed in-depth gratitude to God and all who have been involved directly and indirectly in making his tenure a success.
3717	In his statement, Chalamet tellingly noted that due to “contractual obligations” he couldn’t comment on the long-standing allegations against Allen.
3718	In his words, the situation should be considered in three dimensions: legal, state-building and domestic politics, and tactics and strategy for struggle.
3719	Initially, Jorge reportedly declined having his car searched so the officer waited for a drug dog and after a scent was detected, they had enough cause to search without his permission.
3720	Initially, Mutharika had delegated Nankhumwa to represent him, but the Office of the President and Cabinet revised an earlier announcement on Monday night and said the President would attend.
3721	Initial signs of exposure include vomiting, loss of coordination, and fatigue.
3722	In its quest to become a leader in harnessing users’ data, Facebook did not discover these flaws until they were exploited.
3723	In January, Fischbach sat in the crowd during a committee to discuss Capitol security but did not participate or preside over the meeting, as state law dictates.”
3724	In January, Nigeria's bishops denounced a wave of kidnappings for ransom in the country.
3725	In Jean Pierre’s words: “Puerto Vallarta is very like my home island.
3726	In June 2017, he accused Qatar of funding "terror at a very high level".
3727	In June, the company raised another $125 million.
3728	In June, the RJD supremo, who has been convicted in a number of fodder scams, underwent fistula surgery and spent 21 days at the Mumbai hospital.
3729	Injuries have been a hot topic for NFL teams meeting with Johnson.
3730	“In just three months to November, crude output increased by a colossal 846 kb/d, and will soon overtake that of Saudi Arabia.
3731	In Kahilu Theatre’s production, the plantation owner is played by Larry Adams, a Chicago-based actor whose credits include The Phantom of the Opera on Broadway, and The Hunchback Variations, Photo Op and Opening Night (with Jose Ferrer) at Lincoln Center.
3732	In Klagenfurt, he was battered and kicked and bumped by Torsten Frings, Michael Ballack and Bastian Schweinsteiger, but bounced up to elude and bewitch and generally run rings around Germany’s midfield.
3733	In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Smith River Rescue Squad, or SPCA.
3734	Inman related, “When we talked about who’s had a great impact on her life, she mentioned specifically her dad.
3735	In March, Nassar’s boss at MSU, William Strampel, 70, was arrested on felony charges of harassing four female MSU students.
3736	In May 2016, Handler joined Selsick’s five-week course, along with nine other anxious patients.
3737	In May, Weinstein posted $1 million (£771,800) bail on the condition that he surrendered his passport, restricted his travel to New York and Connecticut and be fitted with the ankle bracelet.
3738	In Mr. Goodman’s view of the world, his Medicine Circle was helping maintain a crucial but delicate balance of power for the entire planet, and especially for America.
3739	In my considered opinion, those who must begin the “environmental sanitation” must be equipped with intelligent planning which is essential for their success, and decide at the outset how to get results through enforced positive behaviour.
3740	In my current position, after I have workshopped and trained innumerable teenagers, I get to watch their performances from the booth, and I can tell you, genuinely, I have never been more moved by art than I have at the Canadian Improv Games.
3741	“In my heart today, she is forever 11,” Carter said.
3742	In my house, what we eat, what we listen to and watch, it’s all influenced by my upbringing.
3743	In Netflix’s “Nappily Ever After,” an advertising executive (Sanaa Lathan) impulsively shaves her head after a breakup, and finds freedom in embracing her natural beauty.
3744	In New York City, the Department of Sanitation is pre-deploying 693 salt spreaders.
3745	In New York, Gio Gonzalez (2-1) allowed two runs in 5⅓ innings and improved to 11-1 at Citi Field.
3746	In November 2017, after all 50 states and the District of Columbia submitted their state ESSA plans, Lauren Poteat reported that states were ignoring opportunities to address social competency in the new national education law.
3747	In November, Teigen and Legend told fans via they were expecting another baby.
3748	In Oklahoma, the candidate filing period coincided with the second week of a teacher walkout that drew thousands of disgruntled educators and their supporters to the Capitol.
3749	In one, Bennett is shown stomping on glass, another Jewish wedding ritual.
3750	In one particularly brutal scene, Viner-Usmanova is trying to get Mamun to evoke tragedy in her performance.
3751	In one warehouse, a poster of captain Harry Kane has Beavertown stickers on it, and there are footballs behind the door (the company will have a tap room at Tottenham Hotspur’s new ground when it opens in September).
3752	In one you may have to wash dishes as you cook, in another you may have access to a cutting board only 50% of the time.
3753	In order for a bill to become a law, it first has to be approved by a committee.
3754	In order to organise your life more efficiently, you need to know how you’re spending your time — and that’s what Smarter Time aims to do.
3755	In other news, Director Robert A. Gunst sold 14,750 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 19th.
3756	In other parts of the city, millionaires live in mansions with glistening pools.
3757	In other words, a place where boundaries dissolve.”
3758	In other words: Why can’t we have more white immigrants, and fewer nonwhite ones?
3759	In our case, we do this with our hayfields.
3760	I now pray for ED because he is now the president of the country because that was in God’s plan.
3761	In particular, due to the lack of a systematic approach to the way of life of women, their role in social life, national mentality, the provided business education does not give the expected results.
3762	In particular, Intel’s mechanism when rolling back incorrectly guessed code and data can actually be duped by applications, allowing Foreshadow exploits to discern the now decrypted data stored in the processor’s cache.
3763	In Pennsylvania, the difference between first- and third-degree murder is intent.
3764	In prepared marks he's expected to deliver to members of the Senate on Wednesday, Mattis makes a strong defense of the U.S. role in Yemen and continued close partnership with Saudi Arabia.
3765	In private discussions, ANC economic policymakers note that the money needed to buy out the private shareholders of the South African Reserve Bank is not available.
3766	In reality, markets do not make decisions.
3767	In recent weeks, Papadopoulos has said on Twitter he regretted his plea.
3768	In refusing to heed a call from 200 well-known musicians, academics, trade unionists and NDP members to withdraw from the Canada-Israel Interparliamentary Group (CIIG) the party leadership cites the need for “dialogue”.
3769	“In regard to location of Special Economic Zones and designations, we are happy to share that every inch of Zimbabwe can be a SEZ.
3770	In remarks to the Jewish Institute for National Security of America on Wednesday, Pompeo referred to Brunson’s situation, saying that releasing the pastor would be the “humanitarian thing for Turkey to do.”
3771	In reminding Congress that far from their basic relation being one of adversary, they should, from time to time, recall a greater truth that basically their relationship is one.
3772	In response to a query from Meydan TV, the Ujar Regional Executive Authority said that school renovation is not a matter that can be resolved in one day.
3773	In response to these concerns, Collins said he would let his previous statement on the allegations stand.
3774	In Rwanda, President Paul Kagame has a lot of women in his administration and women are more empowered.
3775	In Sanjay Dutt’s biopic, Ranbir will be seen playing the title role.
3776	Insecure by design: What you need to know about defending.
3777	In September 2018 I think we can all agree that there is very little (if anything) you can buy for 72c a day.”
3778	In September, Defense Department officials that they would be moving onto the cloud in a big way.
3779	In September of 2017, the Jefferson County Board of Educatio released its plans for a $230 million capital outlay plan expected to extend into the next three years.
3780	In short, it is an absolute outrage.
3781	In short, that government is living its means and has created a huge financial mess which will not be easy clean up."
3782	Inside, Honda is promising best-in-class passenger space, along with a more upscale cabin than most compact cars.
3783	Insiders sold 120,947 shares of company stock valued at $8,482,746 in the last 90 days.
3784	Insisting on a full quotation including all the above areas and probably above more is the best way to secure yourself from unexpected discoveries.
3785	…Insists defection won’t translate to election victory Romanus Ugwu, Abuja A France based cleric and security expert, Dr. Yusuf Aliu, has asserted that none of those aspiring to be President in 2019 can match the credibility of President Muhammadu Buhari.
3786	INSKEEP: If the president says we're doing tariffs, do they just happen?
3787	Inslee’s office said it received more than 12,500 emails, 6,300 phone calls, and 100 letters about the bill — with nearly all of them in opposition.
3788	In some cases, you could be traded without having a say in the matter, or you might get injured without medical cover, as well as not get paid.’
3789	In South Africa there’s a forum called the Association of Southern African Travel Agents (Asata); this is a group that has a database of registered travel agencies, travel advisors, reservations and ticketing consultants.
3790	In South Florida, the cooler temperatures also affect sea turtles, manatees and other creatures that hang out in trees.
3791	Inspection was on Tuesday, and the teams do the actual teardown themselves.
3792	In spite of several publications, the situation remains the same or has even worsened.
3793	In spite of the changes, punishment under the UCMJ will continue to be based on two limits.
3794	Instead, Eelekrtik is a horrifying worm that looks like a lamprey if it gained the ability to fire lightning from its body.
3795	Instead fitness and athleticism are the basic minimum, to maintain the system and, as a point of stern-faced, winningly roundhead principle, Southgate has banned sugar, biscuits, sweets and orange squash.
3796	Instead, he remains the owner, face, and (effectively) operator of the Trump Organization.
3797	Instead, its lifecycle will be extended again and again by new feature upgrades.
3798	Instead, Khamenei called on officials to work together “day and night” to resolve the country’s economic problems.
3799	"Instead of a blue plaques panel, English Heritage are creating a white-men-off-the-telly panel, with a banker added," he said.
3800	Instead of a single capsule, there was one around the implant and one attached to the patient," she said.
3801	Instead of coupling sugar molecules with allergens, the researchers may simply couple it with different proteins.
3802	Instead of just writing to write, I try to capture beautiful moments around campus, because it’s about being more than a football player.
3803	Instead of mandating employment, the president could do other things to help Americans gain economic independence, Vallas said.
3804	Instead of seeing offensive players hang their head or begin pressing, as was so common last season, the unit responded and bounced back after the slow start.
3805	Instead of “super harvesting” (which, he says, means catching as many crabs as possible until late afternoon), he used his business acumen and would get off the boat around 2 p.m. to sell his morning catch.
3806	Instead of wallowing in misery, he took action channeling his energy into humor.
3807	Instead, she filed a complaint with the Unauthorized Practice of Law Committee accusing Merritt of practicing law without a license.
3808	Instead, the Democrats want to use the funds to buy more drones, install more sensors and hire more border patrol agents.
3809	Instead, they should both be highlighting what the shutdown made clear.
3810	Instead, they take over—think kudzu—choking out native plants and putting local wildlife on a starvation diet.
3811	Institutional & Family Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Intercontinental Exchange in the 1st quarter valued at $128,000.
3812	Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.83% of the company’s stock.
3813	Institutions from around the world are contributing to this work.
3814	Insurance is a wholly necessary expense that provides peace of mind and protection.
3815	Integra LifesciencesRelative Strength (RS) Rating upgraded from 68 to 71 Tuesday -- a welcome improvement, but still short of the 80 or better score you look for.
3816	Integral to their fast-paced and passing-based philosophy is the team’s excellent use of its substitutes, according to Koscho.
3817	Interior minister Matteo Salvini confirmed three children were among the dead, a baby among them, according to reports.
3818	Interment immediately following at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Suitland, MD.
3819	In terms of criminal cases, only 2 percent of the candidates – one each from the NPF, BJP and NDPP.
3820	International case studies show reductions by half.
3821	International Day of Yoga will be celebrated at SCO Headquarters in Beijing on 16 June as conveyed by Secretary General SCO Alimov during his meeting.
3822	International Women's Day: "I had no choice but to be firm and fight back!"
3823	Internet giants are actually delivering on the economic promise the government has so often touted.
3824	In testing the medicinal potential to treat cancer he explains the starting point is in vitro.
3825	In that case, it’ll periodically monitor and scan your home network and connected smart home devices for any vulnerabilities.
3826	In that scenario, the Browns win the head-to-head tiebreaker over the Colts for the second wildcard spot based on their record vs. common opponents (Browns 3-2, Colts 2-3).
3827	In the 1880s, the Supreme Court ruled it was acceptable for a sugar importer to intentionally darken refined sugar with molasses to lower the grade and secure a lower duty.
3828	In the 1900s, no one knew about germs.
3829	In the 2016/2017 school year some 1,528 fewer teachers worked in vocational schools than in the 2012/2013 school year, the report states.
3830	In the 4A final against Needville, Decatur was presented one final challenge.
3831	In the 7th District, incumbents Rick L. Burke and Mike Slaven will be opposed by Benny B. Carson and Michael W. Knight.
3832	In the address to the Staff a few days ago in Abuja, Mr. Musa Istifanus (Permanent Secretary and Commission Secretary) prevented that Commission would not approve any doubtful personnel for this national program.
3833	In the album, the singer-songwriter poises himself to deliver precise, tender of verses over his understated orchestrations.
3834	In the Asian session, the pair edged higher before recovering.
3835	In the audio recording Shi gave the Searchlight, a man’s voice is heard saying, “You’re going, with or without your luggage.”
3836	In the batsman’s rankings, has now gone down to third with England captain Joe Root replacing him in the second spot.
3837	In the budding process, a bud is taken from one plant and grown on another.
3838	In the clip, the controversial internet star is also filmed buying and then smashing up a Gameboy color before trying to return it to the shop.
3839	In the Commission’s two weeks of dialogue we have heard clearly from the women and girls themselves what they want: from the rights to own property, to the need for quality infrastructure, to the rights to make decisions about their own bodies and lives.
3840	In the decade that followed over 500 westerns hit the screens with a majority of them happening late ’60s.
3841	In the distance they could see a group of four skiers.
3842	In the end he ended up sweeping out dirt in a steel mill.”
3843	In the end, the Full Automatic Tablet Packing Machine Market report makes some important proposals for a new project of Full Automatic Tablet Packing Machine Industry before evaluating its feasibility.
3844	In the end, the season is long and Real Madrid will have a lot of matches and will need everyone.”
3845	“In the end you would expect the U.S. and its allies to prevail but at a human and material cost that would be almost incalculable, particularly in the case of the Korea example.”
3846	In the final lecture, Garvey and O’Connor talked about what all this rapid change, unpredictability, and need to be prepared is doing to people — it’s stressing them out.
3847	In the final week, it’s no longer as simple as just looking for matchups between top teams or division rivals.
3848	In the first year of the Trump administration, a billion dollars in savings with respect to regulatory cost savings.
3849	In the fiscal year of 2018, which ended on June 30, wildfires cost California about $773 million, which is triple the 2013 cost of $242 million, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CalFire).
3850	In the gospel of Mark 5:21-43 a woman with an issue of blood said to herself: “If I touch even his garments, I shall be made well.”
3851	In the High Peace Council, the highest peace-making body that seeks to push peace agenda with the Taliban, the numbers of women are lesser than those of men.
3852	In the inauguration, Director of the Public Health and Population Office of the province, Dr. Bashir Muqadar, explained that the three-day campaign targets 113,494 children under the age of five.
3853	In their bid to leave a lasting legacy, Bishop David Lazarus and Neela Lazarus recently founded the Lazarus Legacy Foundation (LLF).
3854	In their speeches, Jeffrey, Msaka, Mhango and Dausi backed each other saying they are the team which can help steer the party into success come 2019.
3855	In the last seven days, Bettex Coin has traded 15.2% higher against the US dollar.
3856	In the last week, Bitcoin has traded down 17.3% against the US dollar.
3857	In the latest installment of break down the reveal as well as all the other twists and turns of this week’s premiere episode.
3858	In the Maine Principals' Association Heal Point Standings for Class B North, Mount View (5-11, 23.2716 points) is 13th, while John Bapst (14-3, 126.8519 points) is first in the 16-team region.
3859	In the meantime, Dr Wan Azizah, who is also PH President, welcomed the decision by Bagan Serai Member of Parliament Datuk Dr Noor Azmi Ghazali who announced he was quitting Umno and Barisan Nasional (BN) effective yesterday.
3860	In the meantime, protests rocked Lal Ded hospital this morning following intra-uterine death of a baby amid ongoing protest by the Resident doctors.
3861	In the meantime, satisfy your cravings with three Thirteenth Doctor novels—by Una McCormack (“The Molten Heart”), Steve Cole (“Combat Magicks”), and Juno Dawson (“The Good Doctor”).
3862	"In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement.
3863	In the near future, any robotic system will need ways to quickly repair its co-worker’s trust in its abilities so that the human-robot team can get back to work.
3864	In the neighbouring gambling enclave of Macau, all 42 casinos shut Saturday night and businesses were shuttered Sunday morning, some boarded up and protected by piles of sandbags.
3865	In the new deal, it is 75 per cent content from the U.S. and Mexico alone.
3866	In the past, either it was too easy or we lost.
3867	In the past few years, he and his family have suffered attacks on their home and property.
3868	In the past, Sylvester Stallone claimed he was the character of Rambo, saying his heart was willing but his body couldn't handle the physical part of playing the one man army.
3869	In the past, the rappers have collaborated on tracks like “Black Grammys,” “Bad Girls Club,” and “The Pessimist.”
3870	In the print days, the Daily tried it.
3871	In the process, he turned simple solutions to complex problems.
3872	In the recent times, technological advancements have led to enhancements in functionalities and features, with consumer drones being equipped with thermal, hyperspectral, and multispectral sensors.
3873	In the same post, she that it’s “intrinsic” for heterosexual people to believe that “homosexual sex.
3874	In the second, Bloomfield made a small run that gave them the lead throughout the quarter.
3875	In the second quarter final tie, Bayern Munich won 2-1 away to Sevilla.
3876	In the Section III Class A championship, Whitesboro emerged with its third-straight sectional crown and Indian River had to head home.
3877	In the Thursday, March 15 episode of the VH1 show, the final four, Trixie Mattel, Kennedy Davenport, Bebe Zahara Benet and Shangela, were required to finish another challenge which later determined the top 2 who would move forward to the final.
3878	"In the two subdivisions, we're now selling quite a bit of property," she said.
3879	In the U.S. and U.K., you can have your self-assembly furniture built for you using TaskRabbit, an online service that matches freelance labor to one-off jobs, which was acquired by Ikea in 2017.
3880	In the wake of the Alberici article, the ABC came under intense pressure from an enraged Malcolm Turnbull and his government.
3881	In the whole world.
3882	In the words of Frederick Douglass: “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.”
3883	In this business model, every independent entrepreneur would be responsible for running his own business by using my know-how and my brand, which had a good track record as a successful business model.
3884	In this June 5, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein appears in court in New York.
3885	In this March 21, 2017, photo released by U.S. Forest Service, Southwestern Region, Kaibab National Forest with Bill Williams Mountain, background, in Williams, Ariz., is viewed.
3886	In this meeting, European leaders have agreed unanimously to cover small and medium-sized investment of European companies in Iran by European Investment Bank, he maintained.
3887	In this regard, the possible loss of one’s appetite may just be worth it.
3888	“In this tournament, to be down six against a team like that in the second half and battle back, you know in the next game that’s going to happen.
3889	In this way the central bank governor could conceal that the purchase of the real estate advertised for nearly HUF 400 million was partly used, in part, as his place of residence.
3890	In this week’s episode, “Match Game”, a guest visiting Grey House creates a high-tech dating app that Cassie () uses to discover that two people in Middleton have been paired as perfect matches.
3891	“In this year 2018, we want to significantly reduce delay in responding to emergency situations and in achieving this; we recognize the role of all relevant stakeholders in making this possible including members of the public.
3892	In tilting toward the size premium as well as domestically-oriented growth prospects, we believe investors should use every tool in their arsenal for volatility reduction.
3893	In TNA, he was out there eating people, biting ears and all kinds of other madness.
3894	In today’s NFL he’d probably be a second round pick.
3895	In today’s speech, it would be said evolution goes viral, Ivanoff, concluded harshly.
3896	In total, the three attacks killed 13 and injured about 40 others.
3897	Into the second half and there was no rally from Everton as West Ham restored their two-goal advantage with a brilliantly worked goal.
3898	In UAE, he is expected to attend an international conference.
3899	Invasion by monkeys from natural habitat is forcing many residents of Soluyi/Sosanya Community in Gbagada, Lagos State, to flee.
3900	Investigators have been looking at various data, including social media and information from a Fitbit that Tibbetts is known to have used.
3901	Investigators heading to scene in 10900 block of Beechnut.
3902	Investigators raid hotels and seize vehicles while grilling six suspects for details of the drone plot on President Nicolas Maduro’s life.
3903	Investigators said they have tied DeAngelo to some of those crimes through DNA.
3904	Investigators say Demuth admitted to using meth to help him stay awake and drive.
3905	Investigators seized Rp 1 billion in cash in a sting operation that led to the arrests.
3906	Investor focus on Friday is also on Chinese markets with the country's mainland shares scheduled to join index publisher MSCI's emerging market index.
3907	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to purchase Relex using one of the exchanges listed above.
3908	"Investors don't know all about these; that is why we are calling on them to come and discover New Bussa.
3909	Investors may have lost in the last week, but compared to the previous year, these investors still have considerably more equity.
3910	Investors of record on Friday, November 9th were given a dividend of $0.125 per share.
3911	Invictus Secures $25.5 Million Debt Financing from ATB Financial to Fund 180,000 sq. ft.
3912	“In view of the importance of this partnership, we would appreciate a House resolution which will allow government to access facilities offered by the banks on term and conditions very favourable and considerate.
3913	In Virginia, Democrats still appeared to have a turnout advantage compared with all registered voters, but not a big one.
3914	In winter, when the outside world can be less than inviting, I take the opportunity to snuggle up to the stove and cook comfort food.
3915	In working with victims of IPV, Scott revealed several main tactics in which to approach the situation.
3916	I only found that out afterwards.
3917	ION’s total supply is 27,201,331 coins and its circulating supply is 21,301,331 coins.
3918	“I owe Paws For Life my son back,” she said.
3919	I pledge to co-sponsor that bill when Senator Rodriguez files it again.
3920	I possess a picture of me sitting on Alan Ladd’s lap, both of us on a Warner Brothers camera truck.
3921	I raised the kids here and you know, it’s my life.”
3922	“Iran exported as much as 2.5 million barrels per day of oil over the past months,” he said, adding that “there had been a decline of a few thousand barrels per day.
3923	I ran into him one day in the Sandusky Mall and worked up the moxie to approach and share some kind words.
3924	Iran is a key ally of the Syrian government in the seven-year civil war and it says it has no intention of withdrawing unless Syria requested it do so.
3925	Iran warns Trump to remain in the nuclear deal or 'face severe consequences'
3926	I read this Simone De Beauvoir quote two days before my flight.
3927	“I realised in that moment, I might lose you and I couldn’t let that happen,” he tells the king later.
3928	“I recognise that these posts should never have been published in the first place.
3929	“I remember one of the questions asked of Anita Hill was something like ‘Are you a woman scorned?'
3930	I remember thinking, Oh my God, what have I done?'
3931	Irene Archibald, 2009 Specific Purpose Tax Bonds chairman, said the county averaged $358, 257 over 114 months in collected funds from taxes.
3932	I responded that I was bit flustered by having no interaction with Megyn.
3933	Irma and Maria also showed how unprepared most government entities were and probably still are – all these meetings, committees, boards and body, and no one had a plan.
3934	"I rode the gondola down from the Sochi venue through all these cloud banks," she recalled.
3935	Ironically, while these two art pieces focus on the natural landscapes of Manchester, Utsumi also adores L.S. Lowry (Lowry inspired art piece below by Utsumi) with his connection to Salford and Manchester respectively.
3936	Irrelevant," a tag that is bestowed upon the last pick of an NFL draft.
3937	Irving certainly had a much better Thursday night than LeBron did, with the Celtics putting together a 22-point comeback in London to beat the Philadelphia 76ers 114-103.
3938	I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
3939	I say this in slight bewilderment, because despite faithfully watching Season One (), the fact that I’m even remotely attracted to is an anomaly, since a) I hate Westerns, and b) I only selectively like sci-fi.
3940	Is DHHS in fact too large a department to run effectively, and should it be subdivided into its parts?
3941	“I see that as a reform of the security sector…As you are aware since we have been in existence as opposition our call has always been that we must transform the security services in Zimbabwe.
3942	I shall have a meeting this evening in Bhubaneswar after which I will announce a package for flood-affected people.
3943	I should’ve focused more on what the most important part of it all is - there’s never any excuse for abuse, in any form, from any gender.
3944	I simply can’t deal with this PDP.
3945	Is it just a story?”
3946	Is it that you think productivity growth will come in at 3 percent?
3947	Is it the chicken liver paste, the ‘other would-be canine enticements’, the distracting chickens, the ‘stupid dog’ excuse, or the final, devastating query about mileage?
3948	Is J.T. alive and pranking her?
3949	Is Kath and Kim on Netflix?
3950	Isodiol’s growth strategy includes the development of over-the-counter and pharmaceutical drugs and continued international expansion into Latin America, Asia, and Europe.
3951	I sometimes watch rugby with my father so I understand the game a bit and I am confident Randburg will win.
3952	“I soon realised there were no winners in this scenario.
3953	I spent 3 days in Sacramento talking about the homeless situation with fellow Rotarians.
3954	Israeli strategists viewed Iraq as their biggest strategic challenge from an Arab state.
3955	Israel said one of its attack helicopters shot down an Iranian drone at around 4.30am (9.30 p.m. ET/0230 GMT) that had come from Syria into Israel.
3956	Is she in the custody of the Departm.
3957	“Issues of devolution, provincial councils and so on, those things you cannot negotiate them.
3958	Is that a good proxy for all the evil necromancers of technology?
3959	Is that normal for you to start working on the music before you’ve seen the show?
3960	Is the risk worth it?
3961	I still feel fucked up about it!
3962	“I still think they are gearing up their acquisition strategy – but I’d expect they’d be players in the future on this kind of deal.”
3963	I successfully secured much-needed research and development funding to help Hawai‘i farmers fight back against the macadamia felted coccid that has destroyed farms and threatened the livelihoods of dozens of communities, especially on Hawai‘i Island.”
3964	I suggest starting by personalizing your homepage's background scene.
3965	I support such a unit.
3966	I suppose I should defer to his expertise.
3967	I take it yours didn't?
3968	“I talk about Penn being a family very often, I think that's one of the uniquenesses of this place, and we had a family tragedy,”said University President John Ottosson.
3969	It all began 10 years ago when Tony Stark built a suit of high-tech armor out of scraps in a cave, launching an entire cinematic universe that has taken over the world.
3970	It allows for people to imagine and create their own meanings.
3971	It allows users to tailor the Edge Lighting effects of their smartphone to their liking.
3972	It all started when Clark posed the idea of opening a pop-up.
3973	It also comes as the organization hosts TwinsFest this weekend at Target Field.
3974	It also contains company profiles of every Handheld Raman Spectrometer market player, scope, profit, Handheld Raman Spectrometer product specification, cost, and so on.
3975	It also found she was insufficiently monitored on the day she died, and that the hospital had failed to remove the ligature point despite knowing of its existence.
3976	It also is not typically described as migration, which implies agency and means.
3977	It also operates TVG, a horseracing television channel and online advance deposit wagering network; and DRAFT, an operator in daily fantasy sports, the Betfair New Jersey online casino, and the Betfair New Jersey horseracing betting exchange.
3978	It also reported better results from its insurance and railroad divisions.
3979	It also says: “Members of the security services must not be active members or office bearers of any political party or organisations.”
3980	It also suggests, unsurprisingly, that higher-skilled or higher-paid workers are likely to have a greater positive impact.
3981	It also wasn’t unusual for him to have an occasional nightmare about the ambush that almost took his life ten years ago, but it was very much out of the ordinary to have a vivid flashback about that fateful occurrence during the day.
3982	It appeared as though the ball hit his body before making contact with his hand.
3983	It appears that all the kittens will survive.
3984	It appears that this is the basis for Israel’s policy with regard to the Hezbollah’s accumulation of strategic weapons.
3985	“It appears that we are never going to have any peace and quiet,” wrote Audrey Shimron, executive director of the organization’s offices in Israel, in an internal email about the accusation in 2014.
3986	It bagged two honours: the jury prize and the user voting prize.
3987	It became clear to everyone in the room how far removed their understanding of history was from Foster’s.
3988	It became the highlight of the event, with long queues becoming a norm as everyone experiencing this burger revolution found it a steal in just Rs300.
3989	“It began to come clear to me that of all the men on that team, I was the only one with the skill set that could build a website and collect this information without putting any personal spin on it.”
3990	It being the beginning of March, Himeville was still experiencing a spectacular event every evening.
3991	It builds excitement and gives people a specific moment to point toward in terms of how the game is played.
3992	It can only be spotted by a parent or teacher who is attentive and privy to it when a child enrols in school.
3993	It combines a bunch of community made texture packs into one package with an installer to make it all easy.
3994	It comes amid allegations the country was behind the killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
3995	It contains a truly innovative provision requiring that 30 percent of work done on automobiles be carried out by workers making at least $16 per hour.
3996	“It could be a reason for increased naval presence for many countries, mainly the United States and Russia, thus resulting in an escalation of tensions,” he said.
3997	It could be your doctor, your lawyer, your neighbour, your parent, your child, or it could be the homeless person down the street.”
3998	It could have been that, I don’t know; he has a wound at the back at his head,” Shivdas related.
3999	"It could take months to get there and back, so if you have an emergency, you will have to deal with it on the asteroid.
4000	It doesn’t get much warmer than wool and cashmere.
4001	It doesn’t help.
4002	It doesn’t matter how snarky or complimentary you make it.
4003	It doesn't matter if your a girl, boy, black, white, or pink.
4004	It doesn't seem like Ava DuVernay has an interest in traveling in an epic space opera.
4005	“It doesn’t seem like the most conventional venue, but sometimes that makes for the best experience,” he said.
4006	It does seem to be resolved I believe.”
4007	It Don’t underestimate that idea on Election was about a bungled response to Hurricane Day.
4008	It dribbles tears.
4009	I teach people how to address and treat me and by doing so, I take back the control and authority.
4010	“I tell them I have no idea,” he said.
4011	It ends when one girl, a blonde European named Olivia, punctuates her victory with a calm slap to the face of her normie athlete friend Hanako Honda.
4012	“It feels to me that this was essentially an attempt to stop whatever actions we may have been taking instead of a legitimate groundwork for a legitimate investment in education,” he said in the video.
4013	It felt like I was living in a world that wasn’t built for me – a world that didn’t include me or people like me in its plan for the future.
4014	It felt theatrical.
4015	It follows in the wake of Arrow Academy’s impressive “Family Values: Three Films by Hirokazu Kore-eda,” containing Like Father, Like Son (2016).
4016	It follows that if Democratic Party members have all the money, they must be the smartest.
4017	It found that only four in 10 businesses have policies or procedures in place to deal with a breach involving the personal information of their customers.
4018	It goes further now, inviting credulous souls to surrender themselves to passions that imply the abolition of humanity as such.
4019	It goes without saying that a clever few of the security apparatchiks would have wanted to make sure.
4020	It got me thinking how we really need to stop paying too much attention to stereotypes and rather just experience things for ourselves.
4021	It had been widely assumed that Cheddar Man had light skin and hair because he lived shortly after the last ice age, when people from continental Europe first came to Britain.
4022	“It had to bring Edmontonians together in a forward-looking way.
4023	It happened in spite of them.
4024	It has a 5.5-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1,080x1,920 pixels (401 ppi pixel density), an A9 chipset, an iOS 9 (upgradable to iOS 11.2), a 2GB RAM, a 16GB/32GB/64GB/128 GB storage, and a 2,750mAh battery.
4025	It has already backed candidates who share those goals in Republican primaries.
4026	It has also highlighted in its Privacy Statement for GDPR.
4027	It has also moved to reform major state utilities as well as a revenue collection service.
4028	It has been a marvellous year for the club but personally it has been tough.
4029	It has been a trying week for Nigerians, from the killings in Plateau to the fire accident in Lagos, the mood of the nation has been low but with the right music, the spirit gets uplifted.
4030	It has dark purple leaves and pinkish lavender flowers.
4031	It has never happened!
4032	It hasn’t been established whether Mathias was involved with Iowa City flyers.
4033	It hasn’t even opened yet, and Mamma Mia! is “hands-down, the best show I have ever done,” according to star performer, Patricia Zentilli.
4034	It hasn't received any sign off from the council and would need to overcome several hurdles, from financing to engineering to winning over residents of nearby neighborhoods.
4035	It has surpassed the box office collection of Star Wars: The Last Jedi in China, reported Mint, quoting ticketing-data provider Maoyan.
4036	It helps even less that half of those will have two or more comorbid conditions.
4037	“I think 4-H has some robotics going on, but I think this is unique for this age here in the county.”
4038	“I think any marriage preparation program should include both clergy and lay involvement and leadership.
4039	I think because of that it felt a little less epic than you would expect it to with four of your seven champions in one match.
4040	“I think ESPN has found a great price point for ESPN+ so that it is less than $5 a month and less than $50 a year,” Bourque said.
4041	“I think everyone can relate to being different or feeling like they are not good enough or they’ll never make it because they are from a small town.
4042	I think he has some work to do before he’s a shoe in for the HOF.
4043	I think he’s proud right now.”
4044	“I think he will become very important in England and for the England national team.”
4045	"I think he would look at it very favourably so I think that could happen."
4046	I think I had two people I put on the board since I been there.”
4047	“I think it had an effect in that game that week in Tennessee,” Carroll said.
4048	I think it’s awesome,” said Steven J. Milloy, who runs a website, JunkScience.
4049	“I think it’s quite important to recognize that bread is such a hugely important staple in the world today,” said Richter.
4050	I think it’s working,” says Richard Kowalski, manager of industry and business intelligence at the Consumer Technology Association, which estimates that US consumers will spend $6.6. billion on music streaming services alone in 2018.
4051	I think Lee Chong Wei was very stressed.
4052	“I think people are finally waking up to the violence certain communities have to endure.”
4053	I think that by mid-year the Fed’s squeeze will be substantial enough to be felt as gravity against the tax lift, making the stock market’s climb more difficult and erratic.
4054	"I think that's what Arctic states should do in the future: ask clearly, 'What do you intend to do?'
4055	I think that was the first thing I did, ages and ages ago!
4056	I think that will give a lot of benefit to taxpayers who are really hard hit and are worried that they can’t stay in their homes, because of these appraisal increases, which are really stealth tax hikes.”
4057	“I think that you are still quite far from comprehending that the problem is you and only you,” the judge told Wysom in his decision.
4058	‘I think the book was 100% hearsay, at least all the stuff I read and the quotes that I read, which was a little bit disappointing,’ she said in her post-match press conference.
4059	“I think the last update we had was that Police were reviewing surveillance footage to see if it caught anyone in that area.”
4060	“I think the new Senate came out very well.
4061	I think the reality is that when I look at musicals, whether film or stage, there is so much that needs to go right for a musical number to really lift off and give you goosebumps.
4062	“I think there are people in there that he can trust, it’s just — it’s a much smaller group than I would like it to be,” Trump Jr. said in an interview aired Tuesday on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”
4063	I think these sorts of things happening does show a breakdown of community spirit in some ways - people work hard on these allotments.”
4064	I think the time is ripe for women to articulate and men have to listen.
4065	I think this is the compassionate stance to take.
4066	I think we have let the European Union make the running in negotiations," Rees-Mogg said on the BBC's political programme Question Time.
4067	“I think we’ll see the governor showing that he’s a true professional and that he’s a leader in every sense of the word,” he said, before entering the arena.
4068	“I think we’ve gotten our buck out of that station,” Duncan said Thursday.
4069	I think young people want to know what it’s going to be like when they get old, and they want to know what’s going on with their parents and their grandparents.
4070	I thought at the time how he missed a great opportunity to become an instant hero if he had handled the situation differently.
4071	I thought his sole claim to fame was being related to somebody that one time.
4072	“I thought ‘how can I get back to my country?
4073	I thought NXT had gold on its hands the way that the Kai-Baszler feud was shaping up, but it turned out to be a clumsy setup for Nikki Cross, who had been nowhere near TV, to unsuccessfully challenge Baszler at TakeOver in a surprisingly one-sided match.
4074	I thought that in the first half we didn’t do a good job with the turnovers and the second-chance points, and I thought that was the difference in the game.”
4075	“I thought we didn’t play the greatest,” Clearman said.
4076	I thought we were going to have to do it again, and asked the director, I said, “Did you see that?
4077	I thought “Yes, it is – but not the way I bet you mean it.”
4078	It included a quote from President Touadéra declaring he was “extremely pleased that a world star like Boris Becker, with his extensive international relations, has agreed to support our country”.
4079	It includes deploying the data analytics lifecycle, reframing a business challenge as an analytics challenge, applying analytic techniques and tools to analyze big data and create statistical models, selecting the appropriate data visualizations and more.
4080	It includes new skin tones, hairstyles, eye and hair colours, facial features, and accessories.
4081	It involves claiming a spousal benefit.
4082	I tip my hat to the lifers like Skip (Slayton), Sarah (Slayton-Price), Gino (Valpredo), Toni (Valpredo) and Ralph (Fruguglietti),” he said of the owners of, respectively, Jake's Tex-Mex Cafe, Luigi's and Frugatti's.
4083	It is a careful, entertaining, and helpful picture book and – so say the judges – should be available in all schools and libraries.
4084	It is a coalition government that governs like a single-party government,” he added.
4085	It is almost 15 years of study, it adds up, but you do what you have to do to get the qualifications.
4086	“It is a long, painful and slow process and I am hopeful that I am going to continue to see progress,” she added.
4087	It is also correct to describe the text of the law as providing prompt judicial remedies for unlawful detentions.
4088	It is also likely to say he had not been open with the watchdog office as it examined the bureau's handling of an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, US media suggested.
4089	It is also not much of a way to live a life, since destinations take time, and work, and effort, and investment, and that takes journeying, and so it makes sense there will be more journeying than arriving in the average lifetime.
4090	It is also responsive to the present and future needs of society.
4091	It is a normal person who believes what he is doing is right.
4092	It is a shame to not see him even get the chance to showcase what he can do.
4093	It is a team that is going to work together to salvage this country to bring Nigeria to where it has been respected.
4094	"It is a typical phase for Lewis, in when it does not go perfectly for him he loses that edge, a touch of motivation and struggles for a while; maybe one, two or three races.
4095	“It is a work in progress and our long-term goal is to find a permanent home for the museum,” Harris said.
4096	It is being jointly funded by public and private resources.
4097	It is considered more important to avoid offense than to achieve clarity.”
4098	It is difficult to fill the vacuum created by him.
4099	“It is discovered that the state government has prepared to lure voters with money to vote APC.
4100	“It is easy to invoke the Nazis and the Holocaust to express anger at the temporary detention of children and their families who have entered the U.S. illegally.
4101	It is hard to know for certain because costs are hard to measure.
4102	It is illegal to get financing from foreign sources.
4103	It is important that our residents are informed of any infrastructure issues we may be experiencing, and we keep an eye on Facebook for reports of questions about issues and we attempt to provide updates as they are available.
4104	“It is important to note that everything that the City of Bixby does that’s positive is beneficial to our public school system, and then the things that we do are beneficial to the city.
4105	It is important to understand the dynamics of what happened in the spirit realm.
4106	“It is in all our interest, particularly the “haves”, to ensure a drastic reduction in inequality, by supporting the redistributive model required to alter our skewed economic structure.
4107	“It is just nice that this truck will get used down there and that Mr. Leverentz is donating it,” concluded Lange.
4108	“It is just phenomenal working here because you just know that the crowd is ready to have a good night out,” he says.
4109	It is kind of alarming how conservatism nowadays is basically one giant pile of incoherent grievance to be directed at the nearest available target.
4110	It is known that Kaushal has a dedicated fanbase called Kaushal Army and they often troll housemates on Twitter.
4111	It is not a document that guides a President to appoint his ministers.
4112	It is not a race, but a 5k timed run and it can be whatever you want it to be, whether that’s for fun or as part a training plan.
4113	It is not just peace that strikes a cord between our two countries.
4114	It is not so weird when you think about it.
4115	It is now an estimated 12,219 hectares in size.
4116	It isn’t clear if the girl is a student at the school.
4117	It isn’t unusual for teams in those sports to play thrice in a week already.
4118	“It is only 24 cents change left.
4119	It is only upon approaching the facility that one notices the two dozen armed police officers walking around the premises.
4120	“It is our good fortune that thousands of people from Vietnam have acquired education and training on technical and other subjects in India.
4121	It is ours, we should take pride in that, and our ingenuity will make the world celebrate us.
4122	It is overcast and lights are on at Wanderers!
4123	It is possible to track down drones and jam the signals the drone uses to communicate with the pilot flying it.
4124	It is possibly this news, and its implications for already stretched consumption in the Australian economy, that kept a lid on interest rate traders bullishness, with interest rate hike expectations ticking up only very marginally yesterday.
4125	It is precisely what skipper Joe Root would have wanted from his side.
4126	It is saving that will cost us dearly.
4127	It is standard practice for news organizations to edit quotes for clarity and brevity.
4128	It is the area in which personal relationships and raw emotions must be reconciled with legal rules and court judgements.
4129	“It is the best precondition for development of our relations in all areas.
4130	It is the government’s job to enforce the law and the mayor of London should and could do more to protect drivers.”
4131	It is the same for the national team now, too.
4132	It is thought that Tudos, who lived in nearby Upper Tollington Park, may have used the park as a cut-through on her route home.
4133	It is too early to determine what, if any, impacts this system will have on the Caribbean.
4134	It is tough to imagine losing your best friend to suicide — it is absolutely devastating to consider being the one to find them.
4135	It is unclear how many were deterred from climbing the poles, but enough fans managed to climb of the canopy of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel to collapse it.
4136	It is unclear what prompted the shooting, but according to what eyewitness said, the victim was walking back to his minibus when he was shot in his left leg.
4137	It is unlikely that the voters will spontaneously applaud Turnbull when – if – he finally delivers vast sums of money to the bankers who have lied, cheated and defrauded them for years and have finally been hauled to account.
4138	It is usually not currently possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as Havy directly using US dollars.
4139	“It is with a heavy heart and after much consideration that because of recent events, I will no longer be playing for Germany at international level whilst I have this feeling of racism and disrespect,” Ozil said.
4140	It just really shows how much this team trusts Bates already, as this is pretty much common practice for him at this point.
4141	It just wouldn’t work for a long time because the core value of the people that drives the system simply doesn’t coincide.
4142	It kinda sounds like he was just trying to skim off the transactions by placing himself in the middle but all of the deals kept falling apart.
4143	It literally is the minimum amount possible, and what happened was, from day one it didn’t serve its function, it almost had no function.”
4144	It’ll wade 23.6 inches of water, which isn’t particularly groundbreaking but should be enough for casual off-pavement endeavors.
4145	It looked as though Rader had vanished, just like the family he was accused of murdering.
4146	It looked like the game might be a laugher.
4147	It looks like they’ll talk about Katie relationship with Wyatt.
4148	It looks very close between all the teams and we definitely have got some work to do to try and see if we can eke out to be ahead of the others," said Hamilton.
4149	It makes illegal migrants eligible for citizenship based on their religion.
4150	It makes sense that the studio would want to unveil the next trailer before the release of (another Warner Bros. movie) on December 21, so we can expect a second trailer for King of the Monsters to arrive in early December.
4151	“It makes the game a lot easier when we can play like that,” Jones said.
4152	It makes them endlessly easy to consider and write about, but it keeps unvarnished, objective truth at an arm’s distance at all times.
4153	It marked the first time since the early 1980s that an Israeli fighter jet had been shot down.
4154	"It may be true," he said.
4155	It may have been because she had her daughter with her, but she and Ronnie acted very in love the entire time, constantly smiling and holding hands and acting like a family unit!
4156	It may prevent them from finding some dirt on them, but it will magnify the suspicion felt by huge swaths of the country that he’s trying to bully his way into keeping some bad information under wraps.
4157	It might be more expedient just to pay up the £140.
4158	It must be enforced equally regardless of status or circumstance.
4159	It must be noted that the annual bonus has always brought liquidity relief to the workers whose monthly incomes are often eroded by debt.
4160	It occurs to me that I may be contributing to the man’s next harvest this very moment.
4161	I told her about the cover.
4162	I told them that since it was only Tuface that was giving me management fees, I could as well forget the others.
4163	It probably draws a lot of tourist selfies, and is a popular attraction to the park.
4164	It proposes that the VCs should hold office for one term of five years.
4165	I travel everywhere with a guitar or uke, and it’s been such a great hobby to have on the road.”
4166	It reads: “Both your Facebook post and your press release are libelous in nature.
4167	It reconciles this in the same way that the world honours the dead who served with valour and courage – on opposite sides of the battle lines.
4168	It remains to be seen if larger audiences will find the app to be “All That” or rather if the target audience will have a lack of interest for being “All Grown Up.”
4169	It removes the incentive to keep up with the times and it invariably puts soulless bureaucrats in charge of your life.
4170	It represents the start of a serious crackdown.
4171	It required a lot of preparation, a lot of research.
4172	I tried many, many times to explain what a moment like that means to a little girl, a kid watching from the cheap seats as my mom came through the door bone-tired from cleaning other people’s houses.
4173	I try to challenge myself on each new book, and while I still find that frightening, I push the limits more convincingly than I once did.
4174	It's 2018 and there are still people who think you can censor/erase stuff from the net.
4175	It’s a beautiful loft in River North,” said founder Alicia Driskill.
4176	It’s a bit of a rip-off of the Freedom Trail in Boston."
4177	"It's a business, first and foremost.
4178	“It’s a community that comes together to enjoy wonderful music, learn about the history of the dance and new steps.
4179	It’s across the road from the famous Gellért baths, high on the list of Budapest spas, but doesn’t come close to my favourite, the Rudas baths, Döbrentei tér 9. They open late (10pm to 4am) on Fridays and Saturdays.
4180	It’s a dark season.
4181	It’s a future ground-breaking technology the brightest minds from Lamborghini and are working to turn into a reality.
4182	“It’s a gift,” he says.
4183	“It’s a good midweek break from classwork to enjoy some good beer and good people,” said Jessica Szela, a Syracuse University senior.
4184	It’s a good, pragmatic, workable solution that benefits all our economies and also our citizens.
4185	It’s a good start for the San Francisco-based cloud-storage company (an extremely long road to get to Wall Street.
4186	“It’s a great opportunity to build on the winning tradition that this softball program has had on a national level, while also fielding the type of winning team that Kirkwood and the city of Cedar Rapids can be proud of,” said Frese.
4187	Its aim is to help ease an ‘unprecedented demand’.
4188	It’s all about letting things roll out in their own time and not interrupting it.
4189	It’s all too much for these proud big babies to bear.
4190	“It’s almost as if St. Catharines isn’t as whole as I thought,” Nestoruk adds.
4191	It’s a long road to recovery for everyone.
4192	It’s a lovely day but there is no denying that it’s windy and cold.”
4193	It’s also a key factor to holding elected officials accountable.
4194	“It’s amazing what I have seen.
4195	It’s apparent the magazine isn’t credible when it comes to reporting on the singer.
4196	It’s a pretty standard two-lane road all the way up the mountain now, having been fully paved since about 2012.
4197	It's a real busy weekend ahead; hit the links below and load your plate accordingly.
4198	“It’s a recent development and innovative, so others will copy it.
4199	It's a squeezebox ditty called "" and it's described as "remixed medley of ‘Hamilton’ hits, featuring Weird Al’s twist on songs like ‘My Shot,’ ‘Wait For It,’ ‘The Schuyler Sisters,’ and more."
4200	It's a symphony of bodies in motion, just like any great dance piece.
4201	“It’s a validation of why local folks were willing to write checks to return this newspaper to local ownership.”
4202	It's a wide, so Richardson receives an extra delivery and runs it to third man for a single.
4203	“It’s a wonderful club and from day one since I came in, everyone has welcomed me and supported me.
4204	“It’s a wonderful thing that Carolyn is singing it,” Devio said.
4205	It’s bad enough that we have to pay $500 (minimum!) for a rifle safe and 106% duty on the air rifles.
4206	It’s beautiful scenery.
4207	It’s been able to drink a little water.
4208	It’s been a hell of a ride and boy was it worth it.
4209	“It’s been a really great experience,” Boeker said.
4210	It’s been a summer of historic archeological finds that have left world feeling stunned by the scope of history.
4211	It’s been endorsed by a group of some of Oklahoma’s most powerful civic and business leaders.
4212	“It’s been over 35 years and the survivors have been suffering largely in silence,” Ptak said.
4213	It’s been quite a week for Hopkins, who earlier found out what it was like to be in a foreign country and require urgent medical treatment (another of her favourite topics) when she collapsed after taking ketamine.
4214	It’s been six days.
4215	It’s certainly something that I hope I can do for the world,” he said.
4216	It’s chilled out and relaxed.
4217	It’s clear, after Sunday, though, that it depends on the opponent.
4218	It's common practice in folk music for artists to record their own versions of the songs that influenced them, which explains why there are countless covers of Bob Dylan's "Blowin' in the Wind" and Pete Seeger's "Turn!
4219	Its daily news priorities are set and framed by the front pages of Conservative-supporting newspapers.
4220	"It's definitely affecting the menu in Sidmouth."
4221	It’s different every time … Have the mushrooms given up?”
4222	It seemed very harsh but Pogba showed little mercy from the spot.
4223	It seems as if she has never liked other women very much.
4224	It seems to me to have less to do with the pipe dreams and far more to do with internal purity demands and purges of those who do not meet the ever more stringent purity demands.
4225	It seems Wendy may have taken their advice.
4226	It serves the dual purpose of giving users a workout while also churning pondwater to prevent stagnation.
4227	‘It’s fantastic that it’s finally come to fruition and I always love to meet him.’
4228	It’s fitting that Gibson’s beer farm / craft brewery, Persephone Brewing Co., chose its name as an homage to Nick’s log salvage boat in show, “as a symbol of the values and lifestyle upheld on the Sunshine Coast”.
4229	"It's good to make someone feel like they're not as alone as they might have thought that they were," Clara said.
4230	It’s gotten to the point where Caprice Coleman, on Coleman’s Pulpit”, laughed about it and asked if that’s his 2019 goal too?
4231	It’s great for people like me starting out.”
4232	“It’s great to see those guys,” said Forbes, ETSU’s head coach.
4233	It’s hard to find.
4234	It’s hard to make money with double-digit lines on the table.
4235	“It’s hard to play if you’re thinking about ‘What’s my legacy going to be?’ as opposed to ‘We’re down 2, with 2 minutes to go, we’ve got to get a stop,’” he said.
4236	It’s Having a Major Revival.
4237	It’s how I made friends in my old town, and I’m confident it’s how I’ll start to build friendships in my new town.
4238	“It shows how far they would go out of their way to help somebody else.”
4239	It’s impressive what he’s done so far.”
4240	It’s incredibly early, as the NFL Combine and Pro Days still have to play out.
4241	It’s inspiring and heartwarming.
4242	It’s interesting that she had that access, but it took a series of men to vouch for her to get into those privileged art spaces.
4243	It's just human nature.
4244	It’s just that my horrible, no-good, awful, loud, slow Volkswagen tweaks my brain into thinking it’s normal and everything else is strange.
4245	It's just, you know, getting other information out there.'
4246	It’s known for making high-quality jigsaw puzzles.
4247	It's like a floating Texas border.
4248	“It’s like buying shovels and Levis jeans during the gold rush,” he said.
4249	It’s likely that Trump’s meeting with video game executives (if it happens at all) will have little impact on the industry.
4250	“It’s like we were never here.”
4251	Its monthly manufacturing PMI survey has risen to 60.3 in February, up from January’s 59.1.
4252	It’s my sincere hope that our Stuff the Bus for Seniors Donation Drive will collect enough food and household items for seniors who need it most and uplift their spirits during the holidays.”
4253	It’s Nashville and I get that that’s kind of a consequence of moving to a city like this that’s up and coming.
4254	It's no secret that Britain has an obesity problem.
4255	It’s no secret that Microsoft currently has a lack of exclusives announced for the Xbox One.
4256	It's not about how powerful the laser is.
4257	It’s not a script that was existing, it’s not a score that was existing, it’s not even a dance repertory that was existing … This is fresh, it’s this generation, which I find completely exciting.”
4258	It's not easy or pleasant reading, but it's something very worth considering.
4259	It’s not every year a town turns 100, so Nobleford is pulling out all the stops to celebrate.
4260	It’s not going to poison you all on its own, nor is it going to magically melt fat or teleport you to an Instagram-worthy beach.
4261	It’s not gonna solve anybody’s problem … but if you walk in and say, ‘I, too, struggle with this.’
4262	“It’s not good to fail to acknowledge good things when they are done by good people.
4263	It’s not her fault, but unfortunately she had her life taken from her.”
4264	It's not like it was you on that roof.
4265	“It’s not like you can go to bed and switch off and know you’re going to get a full night’s sleep.
4266	It’s not popular to point it out, but much of the abuse was actually clergy — a charge against which the Vatican had pushed back.
4267	“It’s not something I’m going to give a running commentary on, and when there is something new we’ll talk about it.”
4268	It’s not — we’re not finished.
4269	"It's not your fault and you're not dirty."
4270	It’s now clear that the doubts in the DPP’s office – which resulted in prosecutors being appointed more than a year later in Aug 2016 — were quite justified.
4271	It's now expanding into the health care industry and increasing its brick-and-mortar presence.
4272	“It’s one of those things that no matter how indestructible we look, we’re all human at the end of the day.
4273	It’s only the first day, and Gabi has already faced anti-immigrant bias on her long bus ride and heard a classmate speak out in favor of building a wall.
4274	Its organisers felt they had accomplished their mission, and the Conservative government could be trusted to execute Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union.
4275	It sounds like a fierce war’s about to kick off.
4276	It’s painful but it’s part of football.
4277	It’s pandering and self indulgent, but honestly it kind of rules.
4278	It's part of a broader pattern of record numbers of women running for office in 2018.
4279	"It's pointless," he told DW, "I have seen different presidents come and go.
4280	It’s possible to rejig Nigeria’s economy better than it was…
4281	Its premise is a deal with developers — allowing them to build higher in urban villages while requiring them to create or pay for some low-income housing.
4282	It’s rare that a fully animated scene gets cut, but that’s what happened with one scene included in the bonus features, “The Barn.”
4283	“It’s really difficult getting confidential help,” she said.
4284	Its response is a programme of “reparative justice”, including the establishment of a new centre for the study of slavery and a memorial to the enslaved, and the renaming of buildings.
4285	It’s sad actually.
4286	It’s sad to think that this is the future of Pakistan.”
4287	It’s safe to go into the water at Seal Rock State Park Dinner time and then some…
4288	It’s something that everyone needs to realize and think about for themselves.”
4289	“It’s so sad that we’re fighting against each other,” she says.
4290	“It’s so sad to lose such a young person, especially when it’s a former officer’s family.
4291	Its spiritual successor, “10 Cloverfield Lane,” dropped a trailer two months before the release of the film, with no one aware that the film was happening, let alone already released.
4292	“It’s such a big trend at the moment that it’s no surprise – but they’re just so pretty.
4293	“It’s such a different experience being there and not knowing what’s going on and just hearing all the screaming and shooting just outside the doors,” she said.
4294	Its system of scoring criticised by no less than the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the AIBA Thursday said a provision of protest will be introduced at the 2019 world event to held in Moscow.
4295	It started Wednesday night (March 21, first day of spring), with lighter flakes than what fell in the mid-Atlantic on Tuesday and made the interstates a mess of slush.
4296	It stays cold for many though, with further in places.
4297	It’s terrible, but it happens.
4298	“It’s that close,” Vaccaro said.
4299	“It’s their home rink, so they’re going to know how to play on it to the best of their ability.
4300	It's the job of the president and his securities to make sure that the citizens are saved and we hope that the security would be boosted to help dent all these heinous crimes we face in our communities.
4301	It’s there that he meets horse trainer Del (Steve Buscemi) who offers him a job.
4302	It's the same width as the V30 -- 2.97 inches -- but its bezel is reduced and the screen size has been increased to 6.4 inches, according to LG. It'll be available in Platinum Gray, Carmine Red and Morokan Blue.
4303	It’s the ultimate camping vehicle, and what’s even better is that they’re way under budget; for sale on Ebay for about 14 large.
4304	It’s this scribe’s best bet that Wyatt was so stone cold drunk that he never woke up after passing out on Katie’s (Heather Tom) couch.
4305	“It’s this strange world where your vacation videos are sitting alongside attempts to weaponize information to change an election, to aid a terrorist group, you name it.”
4306	It’s time for the WWE Mailbag, where it’s a good time to cover a lot of different topics related to WWE.
4307	It's time to start kicking some ass.
4308	It’s unclear whether the reported exit was Lincoln’s idea or the show’s.
4309	It’s unclear why, though many theories are presented through the media.
4310	It’s unlucky we couldn’t bring it home for them, but hopefully there’s time in the future.”
4311	It’s up to us to protect our pets, hopefully this unfortunate situation opens the eyes of all pet owners.
4312	It's virtual therapy!"
4313	It’s what can affect the team, the confidence, the next match, the rivalry, what it means for Portuguese people.
4314	It's what I'm passionate about.
4315	It’s why I’m not taking corporate contributions.
4316	“It’s wonderful to see these two different outcomes from the same start point.
4317	Its Worldwide Group employs over 5000 people across Africa, Europe, Asia, and North America.
4318	It’s worth noting that, even before advent calendars were filled with waxy chocolate, they were a tradition that had nothing to do with treats or gifts.
4319	“It takes a very special type of person, so recruiting has been hard,” he noted.
4320	It threatens to be one hell of a conflagration.
4321	It took Kick a little over six months to get the first set of documents and seven-and-a-half months to get the FBI TV listings.
4322	It took this gentle, softly spoken man from Tameside, in Manchester, 21 days to shoot his film, and in that time his beard turned, somewhat dramatically, from mostly brown to mostly grey.
4323	It truly is a treasure to be preserved.
4324	It turned out that the doors of the cinemas were locked, and there were no fire exits.
4325	It turns shopping into a game, an exercise in hunting and scrounging for resources, which is inherently more stressful than the straightforward exchange of money for goods that it should be.
4326	It wants Alexa to be a dominant computing platform like Microsoft Corp’s Windows.
4327	“It was a beautiful day when Becky got hired, but it would have been a tragic thing if a year or two or three later, she was the only female in the NBA,” Lieberman told ThinkProgress in 2015, after her first week on the job with the Kings.
4328	It was a big surprise and obviously a pleasure, he said.
4329	It was about civility and how important words are.
4330	It was a dominant performance; she overtook hotshot young rider Ellen Noble on a gutsy descent during the first lap, and was then unseen for the remainder of her almost one hour out on the course.
4331	It was a first step toward creating computers thousands of times faster than today’s.
4332	“It was a Friday night crowd, they all became friends.
4333	“It was a good goal and we had a good victory.
4334	“It was a huge part of my childhood and teenage years.
4335	It was all Midway for much of the second half as the Lady Raiders pulled away for the 72-45 win.
4336	It was a long road but it will be a safer road.
4337	It was also found that an amount of Nu 5,320,234 was diverted to Samtse hospital on account of clearing contractual obligation of the construction firm that executed the construction works of Samtse hospital.
4338	It was a nice tribute to a person considered a person raised to be a LSU Tiger.
4339	It was a normal day it seemed, but he never came back we are heartbroken.”
4340	It was a senior night to remember Monday in Minden at Glenbrook School, despite only one result in favor of the home team.
4341	It was a special day, and I wanted to mark the occasion.
4342	It was a strategic approach to teaching a lecture hall full of university freshman.
4343	It was at least two months before she felt comfortable going out in the city.
4344	“It was a very successful year,” said Sadecki.
4345	It was a watershed moment.
4346	It was a wrong decision from referee.
4347	It was built by MCM Construction and by the FIGG Engineering-Bridge Group.
4348	It was coach's (Ravi Shastri) responsibility to tell the BCCI, it is not Indian cricket board's duty.
4349	It was considered criminal to be homosexual in those days.
4350	It was continuation from where they let off from the start as the Zambians powered in the opener via Ernest Mbewe with only 17 minutes ticking into the first-half.
4351	It was designed to prevent blood clots soon after she’d given birth.
4352	‘‘It was easy because they had all the tools and those tools that we didn’t know how to use they gave us the guidelines on how to use them and it was.
4353	'It was emotional for the staff and emotional for them,' Mark Uffer, the hospital's chief executive officer told People.
4354	“It was exactly like being a 7-year-old at Christmas.
4355	It was fantastic to have her there.
4356	“It was fascinating to go to a place where his family had lived, see the water and the lowlands.
4357	It was formed in 2016 in a winning proposal for UN Women’s Empower Women Champions for Change Program.
4358	It was Friday and Ron was on his way to get the stock.”
4359	“It was fun to see him happy.
4360	It was gathered that some of the senators had gone to their villages.
4361	It was gathered that what made the transaction suspicious was the way the suspect cut communication as soon as she got the money from Ukpebor.
4362	“It was great fun to host people of all ages eager to grab a bucket filled with chalk and draw.
4363	It was hardly intuitive — the backlash depicted after the failed launch was somewhat unbelievable.
4364	It was hard to tell which label they were uncomfortable with.”
4365	It was honestly one of the best events I went to,” said Pollock.
4366	It was in very bad shape, we could see heaps of garbage thrown everywhere.
4367	“It was just gonna be like, a little parade for him,” said Jake’s stepfather, Aren Schoepf.
4368	“It was like, I saw, ‘what am I going to do’ on everybody’s face.
4369	"It was listening to The Guilty Feminist and realising that other people were feeling the way I was feeling about stuff," says Wilson.
4370	It was made a federal holiday in 1894 and today symbolizes the last hurrah of summer.
4371	It was moving and terrifying.”
4372	It was not until July 2002 that Sheikh Balala got back his Kenyan citizenship.
4373	It wasn’t as joyous.
4374	It wasn’t clear when he would reschedule.
4375	"It wasn't easy.
4376	It wasn't his faith that got him moving; it was my promise to pray for him that did it.
4377	It wasn’t much to go by, but another tweet said that an update was on the way.
4378	It wasn’t until after the incident that the victim realized the money was fake.
4379	“It was only five days and my first game so I need to know how my team-mates play.
4380	It was only then that she was notified of the amputation.
4381	“It was paid for by GOPAC.
4382	It was pretty gnarly."
4383	It was reported 14 years old boy was hit by one of their bullet.
4384	It was signed by Mahmood Bin Sakhi Al Balushi, CEO of Al Madina Logistics Duqm Company, and Reggy Vermeulen, CEO of Port of Duqm Company, in the presence of a number of board members and the executive team.
4385	"It was stunningly beautiful in the winter, and everyone kept telling us that summer was even better," Hopwood Farrar said.
4386	It was surprisingly warm from the heat of the cows and horse when you’d open the door — they surely yelled, “Close the door,” when we entered.
4387	It was the 18th school shooting of 2018, though it’s only the seventh week of the year.
4388	It was the end of the gold-backed currency – the “fiat money” no longer pegged to intrinsic money – occurring after the Allies verifying that the American currency was severely overvalued.
4389	It was the middle of summer, food was not scarce, and some of the sheep had been killed through disembowelment.
4390	It was the society of hunters and gatherers.
4391	It was the team with the most number of first points scored in individual matches.
4392	It was time for Israel, he asserted, to enable him to close that chapter of his life.
4393	It was too hard also because everyone was on my wheel.
4394	It was two summers ago, and the Rahr & Sons Brewing creative director was camping in Conundrum Hot Springs in Colorado.
4395	“It was unrealistic to apply machine learning to many areas of biology before,” says Philip Nelson, a director of engineering at Google Research in Mountain View, California.
4396	It was very special and kind of a big deal.
4397	It was written by John F. Fink, editor emeritus.
4398	It will add 45 full-time jobs and $110 million in annual corn purchases for farmers in the area, primarily within a 30-mile radius.
4399	'It will be hard to know my dad isn't there standing at my shoulder, guiding me.
4400	It will be much more extensive than that.
4401	“It will bring the economy of the Western Cape to its knees‚ crush tourism‚ affect economic growth‚ destroy jobs and become a case study of how to mismanage a world-class city‚” Wierzycka said.
4402	It will challenge skills, methods and tools.
4403	It will NOT deal with the issue of where to move Futenma.
4404	“It will not only harm Native children and Native families, but it literally could call into question many other Federal actions taken to help Tribal Nations and Native peoples.
4405	It will take some time to do all this.
4406	It would also lead to mass layoffs in the public and private sector.
4407	It would also soften rules that prevent toxic mortgages and other forms of consumer abuse.
4408	It would be a farce,” he said.
4409	It would be safe to say they responded quite nicely.
4410	It would come as a shock to hear of a passenger jet crashing and killing everyone aboard.
4411	It would have been a fantastic day to be running the ridge today, but fun to just mentally do it too.
4412	It would have been nice to learn more about how wonderful my dick is and what a gift my semen is to the world.
4413	It would help in Impact once in a while to have a heel go over clean.
4414	It would not be holding nobody up anyway because I am worth $3000 to the club if I am worth a nichol.
4415	It would probably be in a better state than it is now.
4416	It would’ve been the perfect chance to take care of her problems, but Nelle’s awfully resourceful.
4417	‘I urge anyone who witnesses any of the boys breaching their orders to report it directly to us.’
4418	“I used to challenge my parents on my quiet time,” said the former manager, adding, “Now, I’m embarrassed to tell them I ended up as a co-parent.”
4419	I used to go around wearing denim jeans, a denim jacket, cowboy boots, a sleeping bag, guitar and harmonica,” he said.
4420	I used to visit them in college.
4421	'I've always believed I'm a work in progress,' she says, finishing her mug of tea and putting her braces back in. 'I do feel as though I'm progressing quite nicely at the moment.'
4422	I've always thought bikes were a bit dicey, but then it's a whole different kind of dicey when you involve another beating heart.
4423	I've been going through my list of internet friends and trying to physically meet up in real life.
4424	‘I’ve been in close contact with the family for some time, we are all holding each other up.
4425	I’ve been thinking about it, but haven’t done it yet.
4426	I’ve closed my eyes and imagined ants all over the shower walls or crawling on skin.
4427	I’ve done absolutely nothing for the baby room.”
4428	“I’ve got an X that needs Y.” But be ready for alternate ideas.
4429	I've had a Wrangler, a TJ in fact.
4430	“I’ve just been informed that the Immigration Department is not allowing me and my family (from travelling) abroad.
4431	Ive just binge watched all 12 of season 4. Please dont cancel The good witch.
4432	I've loved him since the moment I saw him as a little baby linebacker and I love him more and more every day."
4433	I've never had a feeling like it.
4434	I’ve personally let go of multiple, well-paying opportunities over the years to avoid being complicit to a repulsive environment.
4435	I’ve pushed and challenged it, understood its limitations and learned to sit uncomfortably with it.
4436	I’ve seen a walker; I’ve seen a Star Destroyer.
4437	I’ve watched the video back and their penalty was one of the softest I’ve seen for a few years.
4438	“I’ve worked with an army of volunteers and without them things wouldn’t get done.
4439	“I view public policy through a social justice lens.
4440	I waited for them to come to me whilst I was in Zimbabwe, but only one artiste came through,” he told NewsDay.
4441	“I wanted to transfer that heartbreak into something that could be heartfelt; something people could relate to and feel it.”
4442	“I want my Twitter.”
4443	I want pics of that, too.
4444	"I want to do what he does.
4445	“I want to set the record straight in meetings directly with them,” Mr Picardo said in a statement yesterday.
4446	“I was a little shocked,” Raice said about finding out about Nicholl’s status.
4447	I was aware that even though the story appeared to have broken… that there were many new facets that were going to come to light while we were filming, that it would be a living story and not a retrospective story.
4448	I was completely ignorant about the film’s tentacle porn influence, for example.
4449	I was confident.
4450	I was excited to follow all of this snacking with their pomegranate tea, which is described as “full of flavor and antioxidants” on their website.
4451	“I was expecting a better year (than 2017), but I wasn’t really expecting so much,” he said.
4452	I was feeling a lot of turmoil about it, like maybe I’m not the right vessel or something.
4453	I was frozen watching the car come closer for too long before it ocurred to me somebody should say something.
4454	I was glad to see Dee Anne Finken’s Dec. 2 article about ranked-choice voting, as I believe this type of election reform deserves serious consideration.
4455	I was hurt … despondent, even.
4456	I was in a few demonstrations, not very many.
4457	I was in the process of reviewing Focal’s $1,299 Sib Evo Dolby Atmos speaker array with a $799 Onkyo TX-NR737 A/V receiver when the Sonic Carrier arrived (I decided to push the Focal review to a later date).
4458	I was intrigued by the chance to live in a country with such a long, rich history and such a vastly different culture.
4459	I was just only grateful that there was nobody that actually got killed," said resident Doreen Idarecis.
4460	I was just south of Suttons Bay on the TART trail pedaling north towards a dunk in the lake and a hearty breakfast.
4461	‘I was just so wrapped up in his magic that I just forgot to press my buzzer,’ Bella said.
4462	I wasn’t knocked out or anything, I can remember everything.
4463	“I wasn’t looking at my American future,” Nelson told me.
4464	"I wasn’t sure whether to respond to events from the past week, but I feel the narrative has missed a couple of crucial elements that I would like to clear up."
4465	I was out for a late lunch when it happened.
4466	“I was pleased to get to half-time to try to address that.
4467	“I was quite surprised to be approached about the opportunity,” Dr. Simmons told me, but “I also went to an H.B.C.U. — Dillard University — and I’m very much aware of the ways in which these colleges play a role for many students.”
4468	I was severely depressed in March of this year.
4469	I was upset that Trump won.
4470	"I was very upset."
4471	“I was visiting a factory in Shanghai,” says Sasaki, whose creations have already won accolades, including a Kids Design Award.
4472	I watched one of those once.
4473	I wear a hoodie to walk my dog (in her little plaid coat, she’s often more bundled up than I am) until the elements freeze or soak or whip right through it and I have to upgrade to a medium-weight jacket.
4474	I went and that's how I learned about the app.
4475	'I went through a lot of bad stuff and a lot of good stuff it's just how it is.
4476	“I went up to Wigan.
4477	I will be forever grateful for everything they did for me to keep me alive and to wake up next to my family this morning.
4478	“I will continue to ensure that business-as-usual is unsustainable, ask questions and question answers – in the interest of our country, above any other consideration.”
4479	I will continue to express my art.
4480	I will eat DippinDots and wait.
4481	“I will give up some time to pray to God because I need to pray,” said sixth-grader Shelby Johnson﻿, which may draw nods of agreement from adults thinking they should do so as well.
4482	I will miss this City and the hundreds of workers I’ve come to know and depend on over the last three years.
4483	“I will work to ensure that all the international organisations commit to stop departures, landings and deaths.”
4484	I wish I said more, I wish I told him how much he meant to us," Jack added.
4485	“I wish it was fixed, I said at one point that I was going to stay but, well, I still do not know anything.
4486	I wish to file a complaint against their license and I do not wish to serve it to a contractor.
4487	I won’t say I hated it, but I wouldn’t want it standing in my living room for the month of December—not even one day of it.
4488	I worked with Lars and I had an amazing experience.
4489	‘I would also appeal to those who have influence in this community to discourage people from taking part in any illegal activity.
4490	“I would be inclined to say no,” Sheek said.
4491	I would have tested it first.”
4492	I would probably worry about a guy that throws furniture out the window getting set straight before someone that has never been in trouble outside of football.
4493	“I would say if he had a meeting then he could reapply and for all intents and purposes, he will probably be making an invocation,” Ogle said.
4494	I wrote to the BBB but I don't remember getting a reply.
4495	Jackée: And Tamera was the quirky, productive one you know, and self-aware of everything going on.
4496	“Jack has been important to Nebraska’s water resources,” said Groundwater Foundation President Jane Griffin.
4497	Jackson and Meridian, Mississippi, were also burned to the ground by Sherman’s troops even though there was no Confederate army there to oppose them.
4498	Jackson is playing “a charming and resourceful man who finds himself in uncharted territory.”
4499	Jackson said he saw this resurgence as positive sign.
4500	Jackson said he went to junior college to figure out what career path he wanted to take while also continuing his basketball career.
4501	Jacob said he understood the motivations, and that for some there was a concern over "normalizing" marijuana use.
4502	Jadal-Sid pledged to remove all obstacles and cooperation with organs to maintain security and stability in Central Darfur State.
4503	Jadhav, 47, was sentenced to death by the military court in April last year.
4504	Jailed in his teens after stealing a car, Cristiano left prison with no money or place to go.
4505	Jail records show he was driving a white 1996 Ford F-150 south on Route 21 when he crashed into the semi.
4506	Jakob Buch-Jepsen, a prosecutor, said in a short news briefing on Tuesday that he would seek a life sentence, which he added translates in Denmark to an average of 14 years in prison.
4507	Jalan is said to be close to the Dawood Ibrahim gang that runs a cricket betting mafia from Pakistan and UAE.
4508	James, who turns 22 in August, opted to declare for the 2018 NFL draft.
4509	James Young, 50 died from smoke inhalation from a house fire Friday morning in Hixson.
4510	Jamie demands answer from Eddie and her partner, Mia.
4511	Janelle Monae wears a black and white polka-dot Armani Prive gown at the 74th Annual Golden Globes in Beverly Hills, CA, USA.
4512	Jane Memmott, professor of ecology at the University of Bristol who was not involved in the study, urged individuals to give bumblebees a helping hand.
4513	Jansen otherwise buzzed right through the meat of the Boston order.
4514	Janson and Urban's buttoned-up shirts are hanging well below the acceptable V-neck line.
4515	January 6’s nuclear test was North Korea’s fourth in a decade, but the next two came within two years.
4516	Janus Henderson Group (NYSE:JHG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 1st.
4517	Japan will only be hunting locally.
4518	'Jasmine Mistry went to extreme lengths to manipulate those closest to her emotionally and financially to defraud her now-former husband and his family out of a large sum of money.
4519	Jason Garrett enters his eighth full season seeking his first NFC Championship Game as a coach.
4520	Jason Yang, the son of the couple who made the endowment, said his father was motivated to give back to ensure younger generations of Taiwanese-Americans know their cultural background even if they are not living in Taiwan.
4521	JBL said as fellow former football players, they’re of the same cloth – they’re winners.
4522	Jeff Groff, Zach’s father, said he and his family were pleased by the PBL style of learning.
4523	Jeff Hardy Says to ‘Expect the Unexpected’ at HIAC, Hardy vs Randy Orton Singles Match Stats, Ziggler Says Shield Is ‘Screwed’
4524	Jeff Pruitt recalls going to thrift stores to buy gray pants and a blue, button-down shirt.
4525	Jen has played and coached at the highest levels and is well aware of what it takes to compete in the Big 12. She will no doubt hit the ground running.”
4526	Jenna Dewan Reveals Her Marriage to Channing Tatum Isn't Perfect: 'We Fight Like Other Couples'
4527	Jenna found the gesture to be cute and kind, but Jordan couldn't stand to see David get in his way.
4528	Jennifer Hudson is portraying Aretha Franklin in the new Biopic!
4529	"Jennifer's vibrancy, passion and love infused our community and reached across our country.
4530	Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not rule out a second referendum.
4531	Jerry Christiansen addresses the crowd.
4532	Jerry donated his body to the Human Gift Registry’s WVU School of Medicine.
4533	Jets tight Neal Sterling left in the third quarter with an ankle injury and didn’t return.
4534	Jewelweed can be managed by pulling it before it goes to seed.
4535	Jewish priests and civilians take part in the Cohanim prayer during the Passover holiday at the Western Wall in the Old City of Jerusalem.
4536	Jiminian, who's now living in a hotel for the time being, has since been promised energy-efficient appliances for her home.
4537	Jimmie Johnson (48) runs over the rumble strips in Turn 16 during the NASCAR Cup series auto race at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, N.C., Sunday, Sept. 30, 2018.
4538	Jimmy Jacobs has also been a bust, mostly because we were never introduced to to his character in Impact.
4539	Jimmy Kimmel struck back at during his monologue on Tuesday night after Trump tweeted a dig at the Academy Awards show for its low ratings.
4540	Jim Peters was a four-year member of the football team from 1954-58 and two-time team captain.
4541	Joan Allen’s mysterious Colonel Margaret Rayne is at the center of the show’s fourth and final season.
4542	John Falstaff is a character in four of The Bard’s plays but truer words were never spoken when he intoned, “t’is no sin for a man to labor in his vocation.”
4543	Johnny was godfather to Roy’s son Alex, the only one of Roy’s three boys to later survive a house fire.
4544	Johnson said: “I don’t anticipate it will go the way where Sterling Oil will lose.
4545	Johnson said the church spent about $19,000 on camping, garbage, sanitation, showers and meals.
4546	Johnson was a transgender activist and an icon in New York's Greenwich Village.
4547	Johnson was granted work release and must pay fines and court fees.
4548	Johnston County Sheriff’s Captain Jeff Caldwell said detectives have been assigned to the case and investigators have a person of interest.
4549	Join and learn more about how you can help pass civil rights for sexual assault survivors.
4550	Join FEW members and friends —women leaders from a wide array of industries and countries — as we review the past year, welcome the summer and discuss plans for the fall to come.
4551	Join Han and Chewie at the controls of the Millennium Falcon to see how this legendary moment in Star Wars history unfolds.
4552	Joining him at the hotel was Maria Claudia Rojas, the Colombian judge who, as FIFA’s top ethics investigator, is tasked with policing the behavior of the organization’s officials.
4553	Joining them in the last eight is treble-chasing Bayern Munich who eased past Turkey's Besiktas 3-1 for an 8-1 aggregate win.
4554	Join in the fun and embrace the power of hugs with Bearemy, the Build-A-Bear mascot, in Build-A-Bear Workshop stores across the country.
4555	Join Our Mailing List:Invalid email format.
4556	Joint administrator Geoff Rowley said funding to support the team would be made available immediately with “significantly more” once the company emerged from administration.
4557	Join the ceremony and flag raising on Sunday from noon to 1:00 p.m. aboard the Battleship New Jersey at 62 Battleship Drive in Camden.
4558	Join the Des Moines Symphony for its 80th season finale.
4559	Join the in one such historic space, Vizcaya Museum & Gardens, for a discussion on the challenges of preserving historic spaces and structures.
4560	Jordan Gilbert led the Trojans from the plate, with two hits in three at-bats.
4561	Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, right, is led into a courtroom by San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi, left, and Assistant District Attorney Diana Garciaor, center, for his arraignment at the Hall of Justice in San Francisco on July 7, 2015.
4562	Joshua and the Israelite leaders got caught up in the facts of the Gibeonites' story and in doing so, they made a critical error.
4563	Joshua King’s reverse pass went through the legs of the hapless Ricardo Pereira to Fraser, who cut inside Morgan and swerved a shot around Kasper Schmeichel.
4564	Jota has tricked his way into the area and shot low and hard at the goalkeeper, who blocks.
4565	Journalists from Tamedia, Switzerland’s largest media group, obtained this secret Fedpol file and fought for the right to publish the damning verdict on Abramovich.
4566	Journalists noted that the president himself looked slightly bored during his annual news conference on Dec. 15, even though he kept it going for 3 hours 40 minutes.
4567	Joy Hesse Ankomah of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
4568	Judge Says We Should Ignore Voter Suppression.
4569	Julie asks James where he went wrong, he says when he didn’t align with Omarosa and he didn’t because he thought she would be going home before him.
4570	Julius Nkhata, a local villager, says the increasingly dramatic seasonal dry-out of the lake — blamed by experts on man-made climate change — has displaced local people and increased joblessness.
4571	July 23, 2018 at 8:23 AMI only take BART for what I call my cool trips!
4572	July 25, 2018: In Pakistan the national elections were won by Imran Khan and his PTI party.
4573	July salary will be delayed but workers will receive both July and August salaries at the same time.”
4574	Jürgen Klopp is the only manager in the world with a positive record against Guardiola and, while it would be absurd to suggest Liverpool have anything like the depth of City, they are edging towards the point at which concrete returns will be expected.
4575	Just about every popular luxury sneaker on the market today derives directly from silhouettes and ideas previously thought up by these sports labels, sometimes several decades earlier.
4576	Just another day in Cool Japan.
4577	Just a shame that I don’t care about the Ninjago trappings at all.
4578	Just a thought, not a sermon.
4579	“Just because it came easy and for her and it was successful, and now it’s like ‘You want me to work hard?’
4580	Just do not suggest to the man himself that a second success at this event is inevitable from here or even that he expects it.
4581	Just eight lives left!
4582	Just getting it started.
4583	Just hang on and reach out for support, because there is help available.”
4584	Justice Solebo had in the ruling noted that the offence in which Agbo was charged under Section 64(1)(a) of the Criminal Law of Lagos was known to law.
4585	“Justice Zager has been a very important part of the supreme court and he will be missed both as a clear-thinking, deliberative judge and as a good friend,” Chief Justice Mark Cady said as in a release after Zager’s announced.
4586	Justin Bieber of Team Lakers in action against Andre De Grasse of Team Clippers during the 2018 NBA All-Star Celebrity Game.
4587	Just in case, I’ll keep an eye on the trades and update this page with breaking developments.
4588	Justin Timberlake has dominated the billboard charts several times since the genesis of his career with unforgettable songs like “Sexyback” and “Can’t Stop The Feeling.”
4589	Just joking, I’m sure there was a perfectly good reason for it.
4590	Just like New Zealand, a relatively small country, brought the climate issue to the Security Council's table, Estonia is planning to make a contribution namely to finding a solution to problems concerning cyberthreats," Kaljulaid said.
4591	Just like this asshat does.
4592	Just like your father, and his father before him!
4593	Just make sure you check local shops and businesses before you bust off out of town.
4594	Just over a dozen people showed up to Tuesday’s (August 7) regular meeting of the Fulton Common Council to address concerns from drug use to negligent landlords and homeowners throughout the city.
4595	Just over a minute later, senior forward Nadya Gill found the upper right-hand corner from just inside the six-yard box off a cross from the left off the foot of Abraham.
4596	Just raise the rates on the customer!
4597	“…just recently the winners of the 2018 National Science and Maths Quiz went to see the President and I was there.
4598	Just see this for Lowery’s devoted homage to 1970s caper films and Redford’s slick portrait of someone compelled to act as he does.
4599	Just show me the proof, only then will I believe you, only you CAN’T!
4600	Just since January 1st there have been 34 outbreaks throughout the state.
4601	Just ten years ago, I was a student at Franklin High School in Stockton, enrolled in the free-and-reduced lunch program, dreaming about college, but without the money to attend.
4602	Just to note, some of these are add-on items, so they’ll need to ship with a larger order.
4603	Just under 18% of households own a computer/laptop, according to the Survey report.
4604	Just went for a quick spin around the paddock.
4605	Juventus don't like conceding goals, United haven't been scoring many - I have no idea how this match is going to go.
4606	J was running out of money and he couldn’t afford to sell anything because that would give anyone investigating them what they needed to prove that Smurf’s businesses were a front.
4607	Kahsai has been removed from the courtroom and is watching and listening from another room.
4608	Kaitlyn Ray had two goals and four assists and Josie Sanders, Chloe Miller, and Maddi Martin each had one goal, apiece and Leah Morningstar added two assists.
4609	Kaluuya, who plays W’Kabi, honoured the big cat theme with his tie - although he went for a tiger rather than a panther.
4610	“Kang swore to defend the United States as a member of our military, but betrayed his country by swearing allegiance to ISIS and attempting to provide it material support,” said Assistant Attorney General Demers.
4611	Kanye West said: “rest in peace … I never told you how much you inspired me when you were here thank you for existing.”
4612	Karlee Halcomb also helped lead the team with six aces.
4613	Karl, the founder of the blog 'India Survival Guide' often writes about his travel experiences in India.
4614	Karr faces charges of theft of property under $1,000.
4615	Katherine McMahon, a student at McGaugh Elementary School, won the auction item at The Event earlier in the year.
4616	Kathryn Smith, 35 of Crookston, Tammy Jo Joseph, 43, of Red Lake Falls and a Grand Forks man, Mark Lennon, 35, are all accused of conspiracy to commit a controlled substance crime with charges filed last week in Polk County District Court in Crookston.
4617	Kathy Niemeyer, age 66, of Clara City, Minnesota, died Wednesday, January 3, 2018, at Rice Memorial Hospital in Willmar, Minnesota.
4618	Katie Webb, leading scorer for the women, missed both games with injuries and could be lost for the season, which means some offensive adjustments and other players stepping up to take up the slack.
4619	Keep an eye on fhsuathletics.
4620	Keep certain hours.
4621	Keep hustling everyone!
4622	Keeping satisfaction, the good things, close to the chest.
4623	Keep in mind that the playoff committee releases its first set of rankings this Tuesday night, so we will have a much better idea of how they're viewing everyone's resume next week.
4624	Keep on scrolling down that list of Joe Henry credits.
4625	Keep reading for some of our recent stories on driving in Colorado.
4626	Keep Tyler Beautiful contracts with TCEQ to properly handle and dispose of it.
4627	Keep up the curiosity and desire to find solutions to improve the way we live.
4628	Kelli and Jimmy Jarman join Mykah and Alex Rolison as the new owners of the smoothie shop.
4629	Kellyanne Conway cryptically vows, 'One day I will have my say'
4630	Kelly has only once been this close to a national championship and after Alabama beat the Irish 42-14 in the 2012 BCS championship game, Notre Dame really didn’t seem all that close in retrospect.
4631	KEPALA BATAS: The shutting down of 1MDB after its debts are paid, as announced by the government, should not be a laughing matter or turned into an issue, said Umno information chief Annuar Musa.
4632	Ketosis is 21 century’s diet trend which is backed up by logical explanations.
4633	Kevin Craft was under center and had perhaps his best game as a Bruin.
4634	Khan was introduced by his old friend Wyoming State Treasurer Mark Gordon, after a march from City Park to the church.
4635	Khashoggi returns to Istanbul.
4636	Khashoggi’s fiancée Hatice Cengiz raised the alarm just before 5 p.m. on October 2 — three hours and a half after the journalist entered the consulate.
4637	KICK4LIFE yesterday massacred Majantja 4-1 in an Econet Premier League match at LCS Ground.
4638	Kid Rock is headed to the World Wrestling Entertainment’s Hall Of Fame for his music being a signature part of events over the years, according to Detroit News Monday.
4639	‘Kids should also be taught to tell an adult immediately if they have been scratched or bitten so the wound can be cleaned with soap and water, antiseptic applied and a doctor called,’ Mr Bell said.
4640	Kids will also delight in arts & crafts and park games.
4641	Kimberly McCullough has wrapped up her latest stint as Robin, but she’ll undoubtedly be back.
4642	Kim did agreed to repatriate the remains of soldiers from the 1950s Korean conflict and to destroy a missile engine testing site that already accomplished its goal of delivering functional ballistic missiles.
4643	Kim Jong-un, his senior advisor and right-hand man Kim Yong Chol might have influence over his changing mind on the condition of denuclearization for the Korean peninsula.
4644	“Kind of hard to build a sculpture when you don’t have anything to build it with,” his brother Trevor said.
4645	Kind of made sense from a financial perspective, to a naïve person like myself.
4646	King came to Memphis to march with the workers and gain support for his Poor People’s Campaign.
4647	King James has made it to the final series for the past 7 straight NBA seasons, something that hasn’t been done since the 1960s and the Boston Celtics dynasty.
4648	King’s opened district play with a 3-0 victory over Granite Falls on Saturday, Oct. 27 and then defeated Nooksack Valley 3-0 later in the day.
4649	Kintyre’s Women’s Rural Institutes (WRI) went through something of a purple patch in the Argyll Federation’s annual show – despite a storm in a baking tin over the size of some cherry cakes.
4650	Kirkwood, Mo., announced plans this summer to end curbside recycling after a St. Louis-area processing facility shut down.
4651	Kirsten Chalmers, a Surrey mother of three, was with her mother in the parking lot of Morgan Crossing shopping centre making sure her three children were secured into their seats, when she says a van parked next to them began backing out.
4652	Kissimmee Main Street has teamed up with 3 Sisters Speakeasy for a great night out.
4653	Kiszka is 19. Along with brothers Josh, Jake and drummer Danny he’s in a band, Greta Van Fleet.
4654	Kizer has his own unique experience as the starting quarterback last year for the winless Browns.
4655	Kizer was pulled from games and benched a few times during the season.
4656	Kloof host the fearsome Mount Edgecombe Country Club and will have to play way above themselves to win.
4657	Klug put her name on the waiting list at Kroger to get Shingrix, which has an up to 90 percent efficacy rate for lifetime protection.
4658	Knowing coyote (and general wildlife) behavior is critical to easing fears and being safe.
4659	Knowing this, the City Council has refused to fire the City Manager.
4660	Knowing when a particular rack has reached maturity seems to be as much art as science, and it doesn't come cheaply.
4661	Ko has performed in a number of productions, has toured with Shikira and is a trained dancer, owning her own Korean traditional dance studio.
4662	Kohli’s 71-ball knock had six boundaries.
4663	Kolb spoke Thursday as the CFDA and Launchmetrics revealed their new data-heavy report on runway shows, “Front Row to Consumer: The Voice Driving Fashion Week in Today’s Digital Era.”
4664	Kool-Aid and soda might be good, but it’s definitely not the best choice on a regular basis.
4665	Korean variety show.
4666	Kosovo beat Malta 5-0 and Azerbaijan beat the Faroe Islands 2-0.
4667	KU also averages 6.7 assists and 4.2 blocked shots per game.
4668	KUCHING: Visitors to the September Malaysian Association of Tour and Travel Agents (Matta) Sarawak Chapter’s 13th Sarawak Matta Fair 2018 will stand a chance to win a new Huaiwei Nova 3i smartphone in a daily lucky draw.
4669	Kudos to all of you who make the effort to get out and exercise your privilege to vote.
4670	“Kulkarni also informed the two judges of High Court and secretary to Chief Justice Mohit Shah.”
4671	Kumasi, May 17, GNA - Rehabilitation works to give face-lift to roads in the Kumasi Metropolis has begun, with a call on the contractors to work diligently for the successful execution of the project.
4672	Kumsowa has been slapped with a three match ban from all football related activities for contravening the rules of the game.
4673	Kupchak said this week he knew then that Clifford had head coaching potential.
4674	KURTIS: You're a real peach.
4675	Kusal Perera had revealed his intentions pretty early.
4676	Kuwait hosts some 13,500 American troops, many at Camp Arifjan south of Kuwait City that is also home to the forward command of U.S. Army Central.
4677	Kylie is so appreciative of their support and could not have done this without them.”
4678	Labour councillors have also gone along with the Tories’ phoney “devolution” ideas which, again simply involve devolving cuts decisions.
4679	Labour penalized Ken Livingstone in April 2016, after he claimed that Adolf Hitler was initially a supporter of Zionism “before he went mad and ended up killing 6 million Jews.”
4680	“Lack of sleep can affect a child’s mood, behavior and cognitive ability, having a negative impact on both the child’s progress in school and the learning environment as a whole.”
4681	Lack of technology is not the only reason, but a large quantity of food loss is due to lack of access to the national markets too.
4682	LADWP continues to urge customers to reduce their electricity use where possible during peak hours between 2:00 – 9 p.m. today as well as on Sunday.
4683	Lagano was surprised when the deputies showed up, and was even more surprised, he says, when they asked about the video.
4684	Lake, river or garden views are available.
4685	Lamb on jet sweep, flips to an all-alone Mayfield in corner of end zone.
4686	Lamenting that this had created a situation where the few compliant taxpayers now carry all the tax burden, forcing them out of business, Mazani said: "The level of tax compliance in Zimbabwe is among the lowest on the African continent.
4687	Lance tells them where she is playing that night, and he leaves them tied up.
4688	Landes represents the 25th House District, which includes parts of Albemarle, Augusta, and Rockingham Counties.
4689	Landon lives in Nashville, and Justin and his wife Tara live in Fairfax, VA with their three children.
4690	Landry tried twice to get elected as a PQ MNA, in 1970 in Joliette and 1973 in Joliette-Montcalm.
4691	Larson became the first driver to win three straight Cup races at MIS since Bill Elliott, who won four in a row from 1985-86.
4692	Lashing out at YSR Congress and Jana Sena, the TDP chief said the two parties were supporting TRS, by not contesting the assembly elections, as they were afraid of KCR.
4693	Last April, his left hand was amputated.
4694	Last month, reported the series posted an 88 percent 7-day increase in its viewing audience.
4695	Last night’s choir practice rolled on rails and today it’s band practice and guitar practice.
4696	Last November, Mental Health Resources, along with two more of Minnesota’s largest behavioral health organizations — People Incorporated and Avivo — announced that they would be banning tobacco at all of their facilities.
4697	Last October, Trump nevertheless certified that this landmark achievement of the Obama administration and its partners was no longer in America’s national security interest and invited Congress to propose ways of improving it.
4698	Last season, James led the Cowboys in both scoring (18.9) and assists (3.1) per contest, while also finishing as the team’s second-best rebounder (6.0) on a nightly basis.
4699	Last Sunday morning, half-asleep and homesick and looking for comfort, I went to Sharples and had chocolate chip pancakes covered in some sort of magical cherry-based goop that tasted like candy.
4700	Last thing a team wants is a soft whiny player.
4701	Last Thursday’s game is an unfair barometer for Mullens.
4702	Last time Pawlenty was governor, he opposed the Minnesota Dream Act to help undocumented youth qualify to pay in-state tuition at universities.
4703	Last Tuesday, Dan’s brother, Tony Buettner, who also was instrumental in the project, kicked off a series of two-day events in Canandaigua to see if Canandaigua and perhaps all of Ontario County is ripe for a Blue Zones Project.
4704	Last week, an Army jawan and a Seema Shashtra Bal personnel were killed in sniper attacks in Tral area.
4705	Last week, citing Iranian, Iraqi and Western sources, the Reuters news agency reported that Iran had transferred short-range ballistic missiles to its Shiite allies inside Iraq in recent months.
4706	Last week Kristen Lee ranted at people to kindly refrain from putting hands on the automobiles.
4707	Last week, OnePlus released the much awaited OxygenOS 5.1.7 with a critical security patch for OnePlus 6 in several regions but was held back for India owing to the stability issue in the device.
4708	Last week the Justice Department announced it might block parts or all of the $62 billion merger.between Bayer and Monsanto.
4709	Last week, the organization won an online voting contest that will result in a 3D printer from Re:3D.
4710	Last week the Titans opened the NFL postseason with a 22-21 win over the Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium, giving the franchise its first postseason win since January 3rd, 2004.
4711	Last year, after buying the building, the Newmans formed Restore (269) LLC, the numerals representing the city's area code, as a vehicle for a company focusing on the redevelopment of downtown buildings.
4712	Last year he meant to give more weight to climate change and conservation in decisions about public lands.
4713	“Last year, it helped me a lot mentally, more so than my physical game,” Hughes said.
4714	Last year, Oakland officials created the nation's first so-called social equity program, reserving at least half of all new cannabis dispensary licenses for residents targeted by discriminatory drug and sentencing laws.
4715	Last year’s group was an outstanding group of people,” Jones said.
4716	Last year, Srinagar received its first snowfall of the season in December.
4717	Last year the event brought more than 200 community members to Main Street and this time organizers Greg Sol, CEO of Osoyoos Credit Union, Louise Toth and Richard Alexander hope to draw even more.
4718	“Last year, the movies had roughly 30 people attend each showing.
4719	Last year, Washington’s Supreme Court adopted a new court rule requiring presiding judges of state courts to develop security plans and take other measures to ensure courthouse safety.
4720	LAS VEGAS — Mexican rock band Mana will be honoured in a star-studded tribute concert in Las Vegas in the eve of the Latin Grammy Awards ceremony.
4721	Laszlo Egeresi, 37, and Gabor Olah, 25, both of Molesey Road, Hersham, were found guilty at Kingston Crown Court last month in what wasSurrey Police’s first conviction for modern slavery.
4722	Later in the week he told reporters that Saudi Arabia is a ‘tremendous purchaser’ of U.S. military equipment, and this must be factored in,” she wrote.
4723	Later, we also met President Ashraf Ghani and he assured us of security,” shared Patwal, who also runs his coaching academy, ithinksportz, in Kandivali, Mumbai.
4724	Late Tuesday, police released a surveillance image of a man they want to speak with in connection to the brutal assault.
4725	Latimer also shifted much of the responsibility for snow removal issues Thursday night to the county’s local municipalities.
4726	LatinoThe opening night of this historic gathering of Cuban art and culture was an emotional overview of the island's music as well as a celebration in which art trumped politics.
4727	LAUDERDALE, Florida — The Coast Guard has been seizing record amounts of cocaine, bringing in more than 458,000 pounds during fiscal year 2018, which ended in September.
4728	Launched in early 2009, Bitcoin (BTC) is the dominant cryptocurrency with a market cap of $140 billion (representing one-third of the CC market) and nearly 17 million BTC units in circulation (capped at 21 million).
4729	Laura Tanis explained that the modernizations are still not sufficient to guarantee appropriate healthcare for the villagers.
4730	Lava is molten rock from a volcano that reaches the Earth’s surface.
4731	Laverne opened up about staying in an abusive relationship because she didn’t believe that anyone else would love a black trans woman.
4732	Lawal, who teaches at the Department of Diplomacy and Foreign Policy, Lagos State University (LASU, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Lagos.
4733	Law enforcement issued a search warrant on Terrazas' residence.
4734	Lawler said that Mick’s book is on the “best smeller’s” list.
4735	LCA information officer, Tšiu Tšiu, said the new regulations would bring relief to customers by ensuring the delivery of quality services and giving them recourse in the event that high quality standards are not met.
4736	Leaders of both the Mapuche and the Chilean government have expressed hope that Francis can facilitate dialogue.
4737	Lead scientist Bruce Banerdt said he doesn't expect to start getting a stream of solid data until late next spring, and it may take the entire mission to really get the goods.
4738	Leaf began to abuse prescription pills after his career in the NFL was over, but it was in college that he got a feel for what they could do after using them to recover from orthopedic surgery.
4739	Leagues in Europe are gradually coming to a close, but there are still some high profile games left to keep you entertained, here is a list of some top matches this weekend (May 11-13).
4740	Learn more about the cyber threats detailed in this year’s DBIR — and the latest cybercrime that’s rushing to the top of the list — in the April 27 edition of the Business Journal.
4741	Leave alone that, people are sick and the air is not clean.
4742	Leaves were catching fire and floating down onto roofs, and the howling fire sounded like a jetliner taking off, he said.
4743	Led by Jerome Robinson, who recorded a season-high 32 points, the Eagles erased an 11-point deficit with under four minutes in regulation to force overtime, only to see Virginia Tech escape Conte Forum with a win.
4744	Lee began the 2013 season with a 2-1 record, then proceeded to win only two more games between that point and the end of the 2017(!) season.
4745	Lee County Sheriff's officials in Alabama contacted Waite Park Police the following day about a runaway girl believed to be with Christiansen and that they were at the Asteria Inn.
4746	Lee is hoping this will turn into more of a relationship — which is why he makes an effort to show Andrew a new building he’s designing; one that will be right next to the SEARS Tower and be even taller.
4747	Leesa is sitting between Ron and Kris; in the row in front are her elderly parents, Bede and Judy.
4748	“Legal services came and told us,” she said.
4749	• Legendary Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd takes the stage at Raising Cane’s River Center for its farewell tour.
4750	Legislation is pending, HB 3468, to create the Oklahoma Cannabis Commission, contingent upon the results of State Question 788, the statewide ballot measure that would provide patients with regulated access to medical cannabis.
4751	“Legislation to ban animal sacrifice in Hindu temples is operative in India.
4752	Lehmann has been cleared by CA of involvement but that suggestion has drawn ridicule from former England captain Kevin Pietersen who has made his opinion clear on twitter.
4753	Leicester’s second, midway through the second half, killed the game, Maguire arriving unmarked at a corner to head powerfully home.
4754	Lena, a biologist and former soldier, joins a mission to uncover what happened to her husband inside Area X – a sinister and mysterious phenomenon that is expanding across the American coastline.
4755	Leonard’s spokesman Gideon D’Assandro said Leonard is on the legislative leaders advisory board to GOPAC, which organized the event as an educational opportunity ahead of Britain’s impending exit from the European Union.
4756	Less sensible ones don’t and can lead to ugly outcomes.
4757	Less than half (46%) said students were able to access the CAMHS care they needed to help recover, and only 19% said those children receiving treatment were getting the help they needed.
4758	Less than month ago, Prime Minister Thomas Thabane’s bodyguards had to scramble to their vehicles to retrieve guns to protect the premier after the All Basotho Convention’s (ABC) rally in Mapoteng in the Berea district descended into chaos.
4759	Less than two months ago in March, Ansip said at a business conference that "Things have gone entirely in the wrong direction, but rationally we understand that processing wood would be a good idea."
4760	Letang returned after missing Tuesday’s game with a lower-body injury.
4761	"Let me be totally clear that the allegations raised against me in the public square and raised largely by BuzzFeed, Fusion GPS and others in the press are based upon misinformation, unnamed or unverifiable sources," Cohen said.
4762	Let me stress the need for annual work plan to be able to address current development issues in the State.
4763	Let’s hope this long-game strategy will yield short-term results and save lives that would have otherwise ended with crippling, deadly addiction.
4764	“Let’s pay attention in this.
4765	Let’s start with the adaptive noise-cancelling technology.
4766	Let’s start with the new venue — — with three times more floor space.
4767	Let’s talk about stuff that’s actually good…
4768	Let’s venture out and do projects with people of different ethnicities.
4769	Let us accept this priceless gift and invite our Lord into our innermost beings with open arms and open hearts, allowing His grace, love, peace, and joy to renew, restore, and transform us into new creatures in His image.
4770	Level 2 means prepare now to go immediately; Level 3 means leave immediately.
4771	Lewis Blackman was stabbed 14 times after being chased from the having arrived uninvited.
4772	Lewis Hamilton had to retire in the Austrian Grand Prix.
4773	Lewiston’s other tally came in the second inning, while Waldo County’s lone run came in the third.
4774	Lexus fell 0.1 percent and Toyota 1.5 percent on a volume basis, with DSR falling 3.9 percent and 5.3 percent, respectively.
4775	Leyonhjelm reportedly made the comment last Thursday during a senate debate on violence against women, specifically the restrictions on pepper spray and tasers.
4776	Liberty’s bench outscored the Lancers 12-9 in the first half led by Elijah Cuffee with five points, shooting a perfect 2-for-2 from the field.
4777	Lifetime member Tim Harmsen, the owner of Copper Custom Gun Shop in Valparaiso, Ind., and the creator and host of the Military Arms Channel on YouTube, says he's bringing boxes of T-shirts that reflect his disappointment.
4778	Lighthizer’s office accused Canada of making no compromises on dairy-market access.
4779	Light manufacturing is breathing new life into a North Nevada Avenue building, transforming it into a hub for like-minded tenants.
4780	Lights dim Sunday at 10pm!
4781	Light trucks are up, as are crossovers with sales bumps of 5.8 percent and 2.2 percent, respectively.
4782	Like all truly great works of art, “The Passion of Joan of Arc” is full of paradoxes, yielding a blend of expressionism and realism that is both deeply mystical and utterly material, astonishingly abstract and unflinchingly carnal.
4783	Like any athlete aspiring for greatness, the national swimmer divulges that this has been one of his dearest dreams, and he has been working tirelessly towards its fulfillment.
4784	Like good scientists, they refuse to say that their study definitively proves that your phone isn’t secretly listening to you, but they didn’t find a single instance of it happening.
4785	Like he did several times before the season tipped off, Porter left open the possibility of returning to Missouri for his sophomore year, though he and freshman Jeremiah Tilmon had to contain snickers while Porter discussed the topic Tuesday.
4786	Like maybe a group that takes action against Iran?
4787	Like Prithvi Shaw, the 22-year-old all-rounder registered a ton in his maiden first-class appearance for Baroda.
4788	Like Raspberry Changeling, a great beer for wine lovers.
4789	Like the EURUSD, the pair moved above a topside trend line today at 1.4273, only to move quickly back below and leave the failure in it's tracks.
4790	Like the high school rom- and raunch-coms I grew up on — “10 Things I Hate About You,” “American Pie” and others — this summer’s Netflix titles still revolve around parties, the fickleness of popularity and elaborate schemes to get your crush to like you.
4791	Lily has a special offer for Colorado’s Best viewers.
4792	Limelight revived by investors.
4793	Limit exposure to loud sounds, don’t deep sea dive, and take what precautions you can to take care of those ears.
4794	LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — A federal judge has told Nebraska to keep juvenile sex offenders off the state sex offender registry if they weren’t tried as adults.
4795	Linic is a teacher and performer at Second City, where he co-wrote and performed in the e.t.c. shows “Fantastic Super Great Nation Numero Uno” and the current “Gaslight District.”
4796	Link Road was temporary closed with Metropolitan Police assisting with controlling of vehicles into Shallcross.
4797	Lisée also said he would ask the federal government to apply Bill 101 in all of its offices in the province.
4798	Lissette Perez Perez, Cuban Ambassador to Belize: “This is a symbolic moment because this is a man, his name is Miguel Diaz Canel Bermudez and this is a man that was born after the revolution.
4799	Listen, I love AB, but once the Toradol wears off in the second half, expect Ramsey to suffocate him.
4800	Literacy, based on the integration of the distinct languages that shape us, will engage students in their own educational process, a process that will prepare them to face the challenges of the immediate future.
4801	Littering is also a major problem as well as illegal fishing and tents that people put up,” said Morudi.
4802	Little Astin is her youngest child, just eight months old, and something of a surrogate for the baby brother she lost 15 years ago.
4803	Little did she realize, she was drawing out her lifelong love for art one stroke at a time on the wood.
4804	"Little did they know we had trained members with us, before 30 minutes had passed seven of them went down," he said.
4805	Little Rock AFB hosts Arkansas’ largest STEM Fest2nd Lt. Kayla Bellona, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
4806	LLC Masters Scholarships 2018 invites applications from master degree applicants.
4807	Local beat reporters and the victims’ families will provide additional commentary and insight.
4808	Locally, voters in the South Bay will decide the fate of a number of school bonds.
4809	Local mom Brenda Bowler, is a parent of a special needs daughter and is planning on taking the Polar Plunge herself.
4810	Local teachers union, NASUWT, expressed concern over the results of the survey, flagging issues such as bullying and sexting.
4811	Located 1000 m (3280 ft.) south of hole MG17-03, cut a section of metasediments.
4812	LOCKHART, Texas (KXAN) — A 52-year-old man has been charged with murder after a woman was found stabbed in the bedroom of her Lockhart home, just off of US 183.
4813	Logan said the reason she regularly comes back to the state to perform with the company is because it is filled with quality people.
4814	LOL… I used to check FotM all the time, DL, but drifted away from it until recently.
4815	Lol this is funny.
4816	LONDON — A 17-year-old Welsh teen has been sentenced to at least 11 years in prison after being convicted of plotting an Islamic State-inspired attack on various targets including a Justin Bieber concert.
4817	London Fashion Week is here.
4818	London is a goldmine of quality theatre.
4819	Long delays have been reported across Dundee following an ongoing incident on the Tay Road Bridge.
4820	“Long Island is home to 2.8 million people so we’re not a small place, but tremendously fragmented.”
4821	Long Term Care Project – They will start advertising for the long term care project in Fallon County Times.
4822	Look at what’s happened to Kevin Spacey, Louis Ck, etc. They’ve been canceled.
4823	Look for non-alcohol in katakana,, or 0% alcohol.
4824	Look him up on the internet.
4825	Look, I like pot, I think we should follow Canada's lead here and just legalize it and have done with it.
4826	Looking at nearby objects for prolonged periods is bad for the eyes.
4827	Looking back, I can see this was the start of the mania that would stay with me until I was 19, with only rare periods of clarity and relief.
4828	Looking for the same experience you have when you eat a big meal at home (i.e. the chance to go back for seconds.
4829	Looks like these two are currently navigating happy waters.
4830	Los Angeles also owns all of its first-round picks.
4831	LOS ANGELES (AP) — A Los Angeles jury has found that a German man was sane six years ago when he torched cars and homes over several nights to avenge his mother’s deportation.
4832	Los Angeles police Capt. William Hayes said Escobar “appears to have been homeless himself, and that it looks like he was attempting to gain funds or something from them,”
4833	Lost for decades, the footage that surfaces in the documentary focuses on Beard and his family of friends who formed a vibrant creative community in Montauk in the 1970s.
4834	Love News also spoke with Ryan Bartlett, the Lead for Climate Risk Management of the World Wildlife Fund in the USA, who said that there has already been a lot of changes due to the emission into the atmosphere.
4835	Loves being the center of attention.
4836	LSU was ranked ninth for its Digital Media Arts & Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering programs by Animation Career Review on its “Top 10 Game Design Schools and Colleges in the South,” list.
4837	Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves, who rotates with House Speaker Philip Gunn as the chairman of the Legislative Budget Committee, will have the final say this year on whether to meet in order to adjust the estimate.
4838	Lucia’s crescent-shaped Cariblue Beach and has endless diversions to keep you busy, including tai chi, sailing and spinning.
4839	Luckily, from the perspective of the German ruling class, this rather drastic outcome was avoided when the CSU gave Merkel until the EU Summit of the 28/29 June to agree on a number of bilateral deals to find a solution.
4840	Lucky for us, other beauty YouTube-obsessed people have made a list of the best hacks out there.
4841	Luhanga said since BNS was recently approved as a youth centre, it has engaged an extra gear to promote youth and matters affecting them.
4842	Luna was convicted seven counts of murder in 2007.
4843	Luzerne County election officials continue their efforts to make sure all polling sites in the county are accessible to all voters, according to county director of elections Marisa Crispell.
4844	Lynda Carter also specifically mentions writing as one area where the film could have seen a nomination.
4845	LYON, France (Reuters) – Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann struck twice as they beat hapless Olympique de Marseille 3-0 on Wednesday to win the Europa League for the third time.
4846	Macdonald is the first actor to line up a lead role, and we’re still waiting to hear who will play her Japanese counterpart and his missing brother.
4847	Machines have engaged in “creative disruption” since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution.
4848	Macon was the site of a legendary conversation between Cleveland Americans owner Charles Sumner and Detroit Tigers General Manager Hughie Jennings.
4849	Macron wants Europe to lead the way toward more multilateralism, as opposed to isolationism, to address the worlds’ challenges like migration, climate change, digital transformation and inequalities.
4850	Maddie Gossard then golfed a low pitch up into the wind and it carried over the center field fence for a three-run homer, making it 14-0.
4851	Made from domestic, renewable resources such as soybean oil, biodiesel is a value-added by-product containing sources that would normally go to waste.
4852	Made with meticulous craftsmanship, the movie-accurate collectible is beautifully-crafted with striking likeness of Black Widow’s appearance portrayed by Scarlett Johansson in the film.
4853	“Madi stepped up and did super well and stopped some really key shots,” senior defender Dani Frese said.
4854	Madman drummers bummersinvictus2: dickfreckle: To add to the post (sorry) is that those 624 daily erections were nearly ever related to sex.
4855	Madrid is training more lifeguards to deal with the rising numbers, coastguard union officials say.
4856	Maduro has remained in power in oil-rich Venezuela despite a collapsing economy and a long-running political crisis that has seen the country isolated internationally.
4857	Magistrate Monica Vella ordered that he be kept in preventative custody at Corradino Correctional Facility.
4858	Magno said some first responders were affected by the high levels of sulfur dioxide gas, which can cause burning of the nose and throat, breathing difficulties and be life-threatining if ingested in high amounts.
4859	Mahomes threw a 50-yard TD pass to Kareem Hunt and an 11-yarder to Travis Kelce in the first half.
4860	Maine has always fed my work in ways I can’t quite understand – from photographing the bear and moose hunt to photographing nudes in the woods, on the beach or in my backyard.
4861	“Maintenance is also very low, which could be attractive for a homeowner,” he said.
4862	Major assaults by US and Iraqi forces on al-Sadr’s strongholds in Baghdad and southern Iraq led him to suspend the Mahdi Army in 2008.
4863	Major General David Jemibewon, a retired army officer, has revealed why some retired Generals are against President Buhari administration.
4864	Majorie Carter, who went on to have an impressive coaching career, nurturing the next generation of gymnasts, still trains three times a week.
4865	Major support is seen at 1.2090 which could be tested.
4866	Makeda is currently celebrating the 30th year anniversary of her agency, Jazzmyne Public Relations as she takes her FlyingOver50 pole and dance movement practice to new heights.
4867	Make it clear that an investigation will need to be conducted—one that is prompt, confidential, thorough, independent, and fair.
4868	Make no mistake, Pace is in charge of the search, but what about George and Ted’s previous searches suggest that the GM needs their help?
4869	Make plenty sense.
4870	Makeshift medical facilities have been set up to treat the injured.
4871	Makes me a little crazy just thinking about it.”
4872	Makes me wonder at their opinion of god.
4873	Make sure everyone in the home knows the sound of the smoke alarm and what it signifies.
4874	Make sure to evenly distribute shampoo and conditioner, said Pantene celebrity stylist Danilo Dixon.
4875	Making America Safe and Secure Act, would authorize the Department of Justice to allocate $20 million in grants every year over the next five years to states that implement laws similar to those in Massachusetts.
4876	Making the plays, having the right mojo at the right time.”
4877	Malaysia won’t go bankrupt but why is Tun Mahathir and the new government keep saying this?
4878	Malina Moore, who came off the bench when the Warrior starters left the game to a rousing ovation from the crowd, sank a three-pointer and Lucy Pridemore, who also came off the bench late in the game, sank a free throw to finish the scoring.
4879	Mali’s security services said Saturday they had disrupted a plot to carry out “targeted attacks” in the capital Bamako on the eve of a runoff in a presidential election marred by security breaches.
4880	Malkin says she expected the board would have input, the chance to advocate for Dahlgreen or at least a heads up on the decision.
4881	Mamata calls BJP 'anti-Bengali', asks if hilsa, sandesh from Bangladesh will also be branded as 'refugees'
4882	Man charged with burglarizing…
4883	Mandy Heath’s lighting bridges scene changes with fluid perfection.
4884	“Mandy management is a company that strives to offer affordable, clean and comfortable housing for the people of the Greater New Haven area.
4885	Maninder Singh had a quiet match for Bengal Warriors but still ended up being their top scorer with 5 raid points.
4886	Manitoba Liberal Leader Dougald Lamont said politicians accused of inappropriate behaviour should face possible suspension from the legislature.
4887	Man, I was living in a tiny home in Dripping Springs.
4888	Mannheim Steamroller — 3 & 7:30 p.m., ArcBest Performing Arts Center, Fort Smith.
4889	Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison but was freed after former President Barack Obama commuted Manning’s sentence before leaving office.
4890	Manuel is disrespectful lately and doesn't ever take Peggy seriously when she fires him.
4891	Man United have taken the lead in 352 previous home games and lost just three of them, most recently to Liverpool.
4892	Many analysts are attempting to read the tea leaves of the 2018 first quarter results to predict what will happen to Bitcoin.
4893	Many are single parents with children who are trying to create a new safe life after escaping from abuse.
4894	Many Catholics in the Diocese of Baton Rouge are finalizing preparations to visit their departed loved ones at cemeteries through southeastern Louisiana.
4895	Many clamored to explain this to Scarry.
4896	Many countries have launched their own SBAS to increase aviationsafety.
4897	Many Grand Forks residents spent their Sunday mornings picking up branches and fixing siding on their homes after a severe thunderstorm earlier that morning.
4898	Many have full-time jobs.
4899	Many have taken to traveling to nearby towns with more updated and larger playgrounds, which in the end is drawing people away from Churubusco.
4900	“Many in society have the power to create extraordinary moments such as this, however, only a few possess heart and a drive to help others reach their dreams,” he added, pointing out that he was a rebellious teen.
4901	“Many maids who are minors do not even know the address of their employer.”
4902	Many NGOs operate in Bangladesh and are able to function without onerous restrictions, but the use of foreign funds must be cleared by the NGO Affairs Bureau, which can also approve or reject individual projects.
4903	Many of our partners in the international donor communities were very active in providing humanitarian aid in the area in the form of food, medical and livelihood support.
4904	Many of the marchers approach and shake hands or embrace them.
4905	Many of these last names have German and Jewish origins.
4906	Many of the stadiums served as home for the Patriots in AFL as Nickerson Field, Fenway Park, Harvard Stadium, and Alumni Stadium in and around Boston.
4907	Many of the stories have a strange moral to them and some fall into the category of urban legend.
4908	Many of those donating are fellow cyclists who also participated in the annual RideLondon event, which takes place on closed roads.
4909	Many of us will happily receive these minaturized mags, with all the passion and creativity the artists put into them.
4910	Many people treated the 2016 presidential election as a joke and honestly, they should not be blamed for doing so.
4911	Many studies have drawn attention to the misery and unhappiness associated with being out of work.
4912	Many studies suggest that night-workers tend to snack on unhealthy foods for convenience, as there may be a lack of healthy options available in the workplace at night (
4913	“Many vehicles are not observing the speed limit, which makes the situation more dangerous.
4914	Map three would begin on Inferno.
4915	MARBELLA town hall has put out to tender a series of CCTV camera contracts.
4916	March 2, 2018 at 12:32 PMI’m 52. In my generation, or at least in my family, we were not allowed to be immature.
4917	Marconi was third in the Grade III Withers and the Tapit colt could improve.
4918	Maria destroyed between 70,000 and 75,000 homes and damaged an additional 300,000, said Leticia Jover, a spokeswoman for Puerto Rico's Housing Department.
4919	Marie grew up in San Manuel.
4920	Marina says it is important to focus on positives.
4921	Market movements in coming weeks are impossible to predict, though continued volatility is likely.
4922	Marking its fifth year in San Francisco, the show highlighted some of the Bay Area’s proudest values: sustainability, culture and meaningful global artistry.
4923	Markkanen entered the All-Star Weekend fourth in rookie scoring (15.3 points per game), second in rebounding (7.7), as well as second in three pointers made per game (2.2).
4924	Markovic played last season while on loan at Sporting Lisbon and Hull City.
4925	Mark Twain presciently advised readers to invest in land because new supply would be limited.
4926	Mark Zuckerberg to the governments of Canada, UK, Australia, Ireland and Argentina: "Go fuck yourselves" / Boing BoingMark Zuckerberg to the governments of Canada, UK, Australia, Ireland and Argentina: "Go fuck yourselves"
4927	Marozof lost his Supreme Court appeal on Saturday, the news site Jewish.ru Tuesday.
4928	“Marriage equality had just passed in Pennsylvania, but we had already made all our plans and decided to go ahead with the location, which was a great decision!”
4929	Marrone was specifically asked about Dez.
4930	Martha Potvin, board member of the Assoc. of Chief Academic Officers.
4931	Martha Stewart was born in Jersey City.
4932	Martin Heller is a contributing editor and reviewer for InfoWorld.
4933	Marty’s kind gentle nature and endless patient helped transform these animals into quiet calm horses that help children learn to ride.
4934	Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein was born during the industrial revolution when the rushing age of machinery was thrust upon the globe and population growth exploded.
4935	Marysville School District officials knew four years ago they would be engaged in a principal search in 2018.
4936	Masiyiwa is Zimbabwe's first billionaire with a fortune Forbes estimates at $1.7 billion.
4937	Massachusetts state law forbids physical restraint in public schools except in emergencies, saying it can be used only as a last resort and if a student's behavior poses an immediate threat.
4938	Massey: “I have actually looked into that, and believe it or not, I was going to say $84.”
4939	Massive campaigns have been carried out for MI which have led to increased awareness on immunisation.
4940	Match referee Jeff Crowe is believed to be looking into the incident but there has been no comment yet from the International Cricket Council.
4941	Matic was involved in an aerial struggle at the far post with Dawson as they contested a corner and the Serb was forced to knock his header back into the danger area.
4942	Matt Albers held on to a one-run lead in the ninth inning to earn his first save for Milwaukee, retiring Kolten Wong and Dexter Fowler to strand a pair of runners, and the Brewers beat the Cardinals 3-2 Wednesday.
4943	Matt Carpenter’s versatility means Cardinals could add a 1B as easily as a 3B.
4944	Mattis also said exempting those in the military from “well-established mental health, physical health and sex-based standards” applying to all service members could hurt “military effectiveness and lethality.”
4945	Maui police are seeking the public’s help in locating the person or persons responsible for an assault in Wailuku on Friday night that left one man with serious injuries.
4946	Maurice Kamto, leader of the Cameroonian opposition party Movement for the Rebirth of Cameroon (MRC) is greeted as he arrives on stage in Yaounde, on September 30, 2018, to address a campaign rally for the Presidential Elections.
4947	Maxar stock had already fallen every trading day since the space technology company reported second-quarter financial results on July 31.
4948	Maxtech Networks, an Israeli technology that allows smart devices to communicate with one another even in extreme situations and in the absence of reception.
4949	Maybe even something like a painters mask that fits like a cone over the mouth and nose -- because the basic surgical mask doesn't form a good seal along the sides of the face.
4950	Maybe others will come forward with different points of view.
4951	Maybe some of the Hollywood elite will let some of the families live with them, or will they just retreat to their million dollar homes and complain about our president?
4952	May be some of us would go back to our beloved job of music.”
4953	Maybe some situations we could, when we have the ball, show up a little bit easier to get more ball possession and control the game.
4954	Maybe The CW or SYFY will pick up the great show.
4955	Maybe the NBA could turn this into a game?
4956	Maybe the next two games are winnable, against the Mets in New York.
4957	Maybe there are times you feel alone and in the dark and need a light to guide you and help you along the way.
4958	Maybe the reason why CBS ruled the TV landscape decades ago was the composition department.
4959	Maybe they were playing Mormon heavy metal?
4960	Maye's father died in 1990, and anti-Barre rebels seized Mogadishu, forcing Barre to flee to Somalia.
4961	May none of us ever need a new address book because our friends were only good-weather friends.
4962	Mayor Dave Browning said that the council often gets requests from residents the night of the meeting that it cannot take action on immediately.
4963	Mayor Jack Jayes says all three levels of government will be contributing one-third of the total $9-million cost.
4964	Mayor Jeff Sander said village officials had read Mr. Deyermond’s retirement letter “with trepidation and sadness because Ed’s been a big part of North Haven for a long time.”
4965	Mayor Muriel Bowser has a new title that begins with the letter “M”- Mom.
4966	May we send what we can.
4967	May, who is on holiday in Italy, was informed of the incident at 8am and was given regular updates by officials.
4968	McBride hinted at some recent upheaval in his life, on both the personal and track side.
4969	McCain is only the third individual so honored in Arizona’s state capitol over the past 40 years, organizers of the ceremony said.
4970	McCain was not one of them.
4971	McCartney landed on the topic of Markle’s wedding dress when brought up that she read an article that morning that said that McCartney was the royal wedding dress designer.
4972	McGown rallied in the second round to pin Kimball’s Aaron Gilming in 1:24 before losing in round three to Bayard’s Nate Barker by fall in 59 seconds.
4973	McIlroy is married to someone else, while Wozniacki is now engaged to a former NBA player.
4974	“McKenzie Ellertson was tough for us to stop,” Gabelein said.
4975	MC Lampe, LGBTQ coordinator at Murray State, said drag has been an integral part of LGBTQ history.
4976	Meadowdale knocked off Shorecrest 13-3 in the second game of a two-game series and then pounded Marysville-Getchell 12-2 in Wesco 3A baseball action last week.
4977	Meanwhile, 11 fuel depots across were shut down after being blockaded by protesters.
4978	Meanwhile, investors were digesting the latest developments of US President Donald Trump’s tariff plan.
4979	Meanwhile, Kaepernick tweeted support for Miami duo Stills and Wilson on Thursday.
4980	Meanwhile Lee was helping Billy descend further into drug addiction by providing him with a heroin substitute to deal with the withdrawal symptoms from the pills Adam Barlow got him hooked on.
4981	Meanwhile, members of Sister Angela Miller's congregation are gathering Wednesday night to pray for a resolution to the tragedy.
4982	Meanwhile, Ms O’Neill was taken to hospital with leg injuries.
4983	Meanwhile, neither side appeared ready to budge off their negotiating positions.
4984	Meanwhile, Spice Pot opened in Urbandale with cuisine based on that of Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Mysore and Tamil Nadu in south India.
4985	Meanwhile, the jurisdiction served by the Asheville Police Department — which has seen the highest proportion of the county’s growth — has experienced a 7 percent increase in crime by the same metrics.
4986	Meanwhile, the Mutant Underground continues to work on saving mutants.
4987	Meanwhile, the State Minister and Director of President's Offices, Hatem Hassan Bakheet said the concerned authorities have put the decision of the President on release of the politiocal detainees at immediate effect.
4988	Medeama host Asante Kotoko on match day-3 at the Tarkwa and Aboso Park on Wednesday.
4989	Median forecasts estimate that the first quarter GDP remained unchanged at 0.1%.
4990	Medical examiners also recovered a taper candle that had been inserted inside the younger Brito’s throat, Kenny said.
4991	Meeting the recruiter.
4992	Megan McCarthy, middle school English teacher, who collaborated with Wemlinger said, “This Writers’ House was a huge enrichment to Onekama School District’s efforts toward making students ready for the world.
4993	Megann Cane, who lives down the street from Shashy, said that, while she is for development, she is against 12 houses.
4994	Meg Daly, founder of Friends of the Underline, said about 100,000 residents live within one-third of a mile, or a ten-minute walk, of the Underline.
4995	Meghan, who has worked hard to master her new Royal brief, is well-liked not just by the public, but by her new father-in-law, Prince Charles.
4996	Meister and Vays punted Bitcoin’s increased potential for decentralisation, saying it delivers higher censorship resistance and freedom for users.
4997	Melanoma deserves everything she’s getting.
4998	MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) – A man who deliberately rammed a car into pedestrians in a busy Australian city street, killing one and injuring anot.
4999	Melissa Hennig, a survivor of the Oct. 1 mass shooting at an outdoor concert in Las Vegas, also attended the rally.
5000	Members admitted to conspiracy to commit violent disorder, and must ask permission from the police 24 hours before releasing new songs.
5001	Memberships can be purchased for prepaid terms or by month and include unlimited access to climbing and yoga classes, a free guest pass each month and a variety of retail and service discounts.
5002	Members of Dollywood’s entertainment team are looking for talented singers and expressive actors who desire the opportunity to work with some of the industry’s top professionals.
5003	Members of the community will explore over 100 local businesses and service organizations.
5004	Memorial contributions may be made to Hospice of North Ottawa Community or the American Heart Association.
5005	Memorial founder Bryan Stevenson, right, receiving a Smithsonian Magazine award from Rep. John Lewis, a leader in the civil rights movement, in Washington, D.C., Nov. 28, 2012.
5006	Men haven't had it so good either.
5007	Mercifully, after the fallout from Ten's male-dominated comedy week line-up, this improv show with an unoriginal title at least has a gender-balanced cast.
5008	Mercury eventually melts down to the story of human sufferings caused due to corporate greed.
5009	Mercury transits to an area of your chart where strategy and planning create a forum for you to communicate your much-needed ideas.
5010	Meredith Vieira, in a post-procession interview, stated, “I was blown away.”
5011	Merely brushing up against the leaves will leave you in a state of olfactory euphoria.
5012	Mesa put all four of their runs on the board in the sixth inning with first baseman Riley Peterson hitting a Grand Slam.
5013	Meta media’s always good, right?
5014	Metcalfe hopes that the report will help inspire more research into the mental-health needs of everyone at universities.
5015	MetroHacks’ goal is to use Cambridge’s resources as an academic hub to bring the startup culture to high school students in the region, by recruiting Harvard and MIT professors and students as mentors.
5016	Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY grew its holdings in shares of Celanese by 6.3% in the 2nd quarter.
5017	Metro says about 6,000 people a day ride the Green Line through the part that will be temporarily shut down.
5018	Mexicans hail new president: ‘We’ve a chance to feel hope’
5019	MEXICO and points south!
5020	Mexico on the Eve of AMLO: “So Far from God and So Close to the United States”
5021	Meyer said last week that Bosa would miss the Tulane game after undergoing surgery to repair a core muscle injury.
5022	Meyer, who isn’t new to winning the big prize money, said, “It pays to come home.
5023	MGA fell behind the Tigers and their junior standout Grace Martin, 7-3, but after Lions coach Billy Goodman inserted three subs, including Fitzpatrick, everything changed.
5024	Miami Dolphins quarterback David Fales has been on the bubble for his entire five-year NFL career, so he almost sounds convincing when he says Thursday’s exhibition finale at Atlanta is just another game.
5025	Miami is spending billions raising the roads.
5026	Michael Afenfia: About June 12 â€“ What Would M.K.O Say?
5027	Michael Nathanson, an analyst with MoffettNathanson Research, saw Disney’s potential involvement as creating a more favorable scenario for a Sky deal to pass regulatory scrutiny.
5028	Michael Schumacher’s son Mick has shared memories of his dad after snapping up his first victory.
5029	Michael’s got that same melancholy vibe she’s working, so she must appreciate that he’s in the same headspace.
5030	Michael was lashing western Cuba late Monday morning with heavy rains and strong winds.
5031	Michael William Okemow, from Gods Lake Narrows, Man., has been charged with second-degree murder.
5032	Michelle told how she feared for her young children, ten-month-old Dylan and 21-month-old Jasmine.
5033	Michelle Williams has confirmed she has split from fiance Chad Johnson.
5034	Michigan National Guard Captain, Lori Fasset of Clare was this years featured speaker.
5035	Microsoft is undoubtedly aligning this disc-free console at people who subscribe to Xbox Game Pass.
5036	Microsoft president Brad Smith speaks at the annual Microsoft shareholders meeting Wednesday, Nov. 29, 2017.
5037	Micro: Thought the whole point was for the vendors to be located on the site of the old building?
5038	Microwave beams work on an atomic level, says the report.
5039	Midcoast resident Katherine Silva, author of the Monstrum Chronicles series, will be speaking at Camden Public Library on Thursday, October 11, at 7 p.m.
5040	“Midway through the season, you’ll know why…,” he adds.
5041	Miedlar is associated with Polish nationalists and last year was indicted in the western Poland city of Wroclaw for “public incitement to hatred based on religious and national differences.”
5042	Mihika says Ishita is not my sister, she is dead for me.
5043	Mike will showcase summer cocktails including a pomegranate cucumber margarita and a strawberry basil mojito.
5044	“Millennial mom is our top sweet spot,” she says.
5045	Miller and Gettys worked up a white paper that makes a case for 5G in Peoria.
5046	MILWAUKEE — The Milwaukee police chief confirmed Wednesday that an officer died after being shot and that a suspect was in custody.
5047	Mindfulness allows us to learn how to differentiate the stories we all make up in our minds from reality.
5048	Minimal make-up with marsala lips and a sleek hairdo rounded off her look well.
5049	“Mining is very unsafe and mine workers risk life and limb daily,”
5050	Minister even my office has no much allocation to help refurbish some of the dilapidated offices.
5051	Minister for State, Revenue, Amra Ram, who is sitting BJP MLA from Pachpadra and the party’s candidate for this year’s election, said, “Around Rs.
5052	Minnaar added that residents should consider animals when using fireworks and said no person is allowed to use fireworks around animals.
5053	MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A conservative activist disrupted a campaign event for Minnesota state Rep. Ilhan Omar and Michigan congressional candidate Rashida Tlaib.
5054	Minneapolis asked for a $490 increase through a referendum, and St. Paul sought a $475 increase.
5055	Minnesota won the NFC North for the second time in three years.
5056	MinnPost Picks: on civil and digital rights, creative cursing, and saying goodbye to 'Portlandia'
5057	"Minor" flooding usually means vulnerable roadways will become unappeasable due to water inundation.
5058	Minorities are attracted to socialism because they welcome government intervention and intrusion (socialism) as a net for perceived social inequality, poverty and underachievement.
5059	MINSK, 12 November (BelTA) – Armenia is interested in advancing cooperation with Belarus along several avenues, in particular, the implementation of joint projects in the spheres of education, information technologies, and woodworking.
5060	Minutes later, police were able to contact McCowns’ employer who confirmed the check was real and that McCowns is an employee.
5061	Mishra is accused of orchestrating a murder at Tarinigada in Paradip and a firing incident at Press Chhak in Cuttack.
5062	Misinformation researcher Brendan Nyhan from Dartmouth College to the University of Michigan.
5063	Misoprostol, Ergometrine and Magnesium sulphate are other drugs used to stop excessive bleeding during child birth.
5064	Mission: Impossible film compare to the previous ones?
5065	Mix all cake ingredients together with a spoon and bake in a greased 9 x 13-inch pan for 35-40 minutes at 350 degrees.
5066	““Miz & Mrs.” is an intimate, behind-the-scenes glimpse at this iconic couple as they face one of their most exciting challenges yet – becoming parents.”
5067	M’membe is certainly a capitalist cloaked in socialist garb, a hard-nosed one at that.
5068	Mnangagwa is yet to walk the talk.
5069	Mnangagwa pledges to remove business restrictions - Business Daily News Zimbabwe Market Commentary 27 March 2018.
5070	MNguy: What a great guy.
5071	Moe Yan Naing was sentenced to a year in prison under the Police Discipline Law for handing classified information to the reporters and referred to Insein Prison, according to police spokesman Colonel Myo Thu Soe.
5072	Mohamed Salah has reportedly reached an agreement to join Real Madrid this summer.
5073	Mohammed Buhari, the president of Nigeria, in his visit to the United States today, told Donald Trump, the U.S president, that his administration is stabilising the insurgency issues in the country.
5074	MONCTON, N.B. — The federal fisheries minister says 12 North Atlantic right whales have been spotted in an area off New Brunswick that's been closed to fishing in order to protect the endangered species.
5075	Money donated by the public to the Irish Red Cross.
5076	Monique Greene describes in detail Nelly’s MO in what she says is a plot to sexually assault women.
5077	Monsters and Critics: Edmund, of course, is dying from another chronic disease, tuberculosis, made worse by his heavy drinking.
5078	Months later, Xi became the first party chief to attend a birthday party for Confucius.
5079	Months of research led them to the idea of growing mushrooms.
5080	Montrell Tormel Red, 23, of Tacoma is under arrest on multiple felony counts after he allegedly caused a multi-car crash on I-5 in Lakewood, a collision that resulted in the deaths of three Cowlitz County residents.
5081	Moore will face No. 13 Kevin Beazley for a shot at redemption from the previous week.
5082	Moorfields, a corporate recovery specialist which worked on the administration of the DVD rental chain Blockbuster five years ago, is said to have been put on standby to oversee Toys R Us's potential insolvency.
5083	More accurately, other people double dipping in dip you're eating could give you herpes.
5084	More and more consumers are becoming disillusioned with the large institutions they have trusted for decades, and are painfully transitioning to recognise they need to take matters into their own hands.
5085	MORE arrests were made following the Mooi River violence on Sunday night.
5086	More cool toys at Noho.
5087	More importantly, it enables the comparison of EXFO's performance on a relatively similar basis against that of other public and private companies in the industry worldwide.
5088	More importantly, though, she says she is driven by her role as a cultural bridge between the U.K. and Japan and her ability to help people learn about another country.
5089	More information available at www.lccs.com.
5090	More manufacturered wealth distribution by the 1%!
5091	More often than not, its this ‘tyranny of numbers’ that counts in a free and fair exercise.
5092	More on this story in this week’s West Highland Free Press.
5093	Moreover, audit submissions that include recommended upgrades—like in New York City and San Francisco—may be able to help utilities understand the magnitude of a possible customer base for a particular energy upgrade.
5094	Moreover, “CTC has always brought community members and groups together to focus on youth development,” Baumgartner wrote in an email.
5095	Moreover, much like his father, depression set into his heart after their passing.
5096	Moreover, the number of clinical trials in these regions, especially India, have increased which is contributing the growth in adoption of temperature controlled pharmaceutical containers in the region.
5097	More recently, he began signaling that Facebook was rethinking what it shows people on the site.
5098	More recently, his friend was stabbed and consequently paralysed this year – it was just six days afterwards that J Hus was caught carrying the weapon for which he has been imprisoned.
5099	"Moreso about 250 foot soldiers from the Albarnawy camp have surrendered to Nigerien Authorities due to the devastating artillery and aerial bombardments by Operation Lafiya Dole troops.
5100	More specifically in Latin America and the Caribbean growth is projected to advance to 2% in 2018, from an estimated 0.9% in 2017.
5101	More than 175 people attended a recent meeting in Anchorage to discuss possible solutions.
5102	More than 40% of online shopping will be done on smartphones and tablets, according to the estimate.
5103	More than 7 million people in South Sudan - almost two-thirds of the population - could become severely food insecure in the coming months without sustained humanitarian assistance and access, three United Nations agencies warned today.
5104	More than a dozen spoke in favor and no one against the bill, which comes at a time that Maine is reeling from an opioid crisis.
5105	More than a year later, the suspect is languishing in jail, but the case hasn’t been decided.
5106	More than half the respondents indicated family conflict was a reason for becoming homeless, followed by 41 per cent who listed drugs or addiction and 33 per cent who cited challenges with mental health as a cause.
5107	More than just breaking rules, the episode actually got super deep.
5108	Morgan had served the township in elected positions and finally this final appointed position for a total of 16 years.
5109	Mormugao port have 2500 employees and more 5000 employees are on pension, barge owners have 3500 workers, truck association have 12 members and there are many more.
5110	Morocco dominated possession and territory and deservedly doubled the lead on 55 minutes when a glancing Salaheddine Saidi header flew into the net after a corner.
5111	Morton’s success with the Astros came after a career that had been beset by injuries and inconsistency.
5112	Moruno plays Mediterranean, Arabic, Flamenco Sat. at 7:30pm.
5113	Moscow has stressed repeatedly that London has yet to present any proof of Russian involvement in the case.
5114	Mosley encouraged Loyall residents to attend the town hall meeting.
5115	Moss told the subcommittee that the current government was in denial over the state of the economy and, as such, any money given to it would be “good money after bad.”
5116	Most annoying is the absence of DeX functionality.
5117	Most college teams will begin conference play this week if they haven’t already started.
5118	Most complain about commuting to work, but how bad is it?
5119	Most critically, the Chinese government statement did not explicitly mention the 90-day time window, though it says the two sides will “speed up” talks.
5120	Most economists failed to predict what was coming.
5121	Most economists see freer trade among nations as an absolute good until politics come along.
5122	Mostly notably, this includes the Barry Goldwater air force range, a bombing range that includes sections of the border.
5123	Most of them are in urgent need of repairs and are an embarrassment to residents.
5124	Most of them indicate that children are like – they absorb everything and replicate almost every action performed by elders around them, incorporating it into their lives.
5125	Most of the seniors begun their education path 13 years ago in the grade school.
5126	Most of the time I actually like how easy it is to press the paddles, and love how I can use the included software to save a ton of game-specific presets.
5127	Most of us were but were too stupid to realize it.
5128	Most people now prefare using public transport, but unfortunately, Taxis do not ply what I call the “back-streets” of Owerri.
5129	Most players don’t have that luxury.
5130	Most polls close there at 7 p.m. Eastern time and the rest at 8 p.m. Eastern time, and while this race is obviously key to control of the Senate — Democrats almost definitely need it — it could also provide some broader clues about the election.
5131	Most seeds will keep for years in the cold of the fridge, and some can be frozen for safe keeping, too.
5132	MOUNT CARROLL — Timber Lake Playhouse, 8215 Black Oak Road, recently received a grant to create a paid apprentice program for area teens interested in pursuing careers in the theater arts.
5133	Moussa conceded his loss on Wednesday night, telling a television station he had hoped for 10 percent of the vote.
5134	Moving the motion, Ashafa said, “The Senate observes that on the 20th of February, 2018, the story of a near fatal incident involving Dana Airline with Number 9J0363 hit the news waves.
5135	Moyes spoke in the week of how the players and club had grown into this stadium, but there was little on show here with a flat atmosphere, even by Stratford’s standards.
5136	MPs had been encouraged to work hard and implement the resolutions of the ANC national conference.
5137	Mr. Adams’s own note describes the work’s paradoxical qualities: “tonal but noisy, lyrical but austere, Schubert but not at all.”
5138	Mr Akrobettoe advised the pupils to take their studies serious and work hard to become useful citizens for their families and the nation as a whole.
5139	Mr Akwasi Owusu Acheaw, a farmer and spokesman for the people said the community had several adjoining settlements and only a borehole could not cater for all the residents and needed additional one.
5140	Mr. Annan also believed that Asean should be engaged in the matter.
5141	Mr Cohen’s activities during the 2016 presidential campaign include information about illegal payments, tax evasion and contacts with Russian interests.
5142	Mr Corbyn, appearing earlier on Sunday on BBC1's Andrew Marr Show, has been asked whether he would feel obliged to respect a vote by delegates to support a second referendum.
5143	Mr. Cruz stated he plans to go out and buy a gun.”
5144	Mr. Dike’s adept ear, expansive record collection and encyclopedic knowledge of rock, soul, funk and other kinds of music played a critical role in making those hits.
5145	Mr. Duterte then ordered environmental, tourism and interior department officials to undertake a huge cleanup.
5146	Mr. Erdogan even took the matter up with President Trump.
5147	Mr. Greenberg has disputed much about the case.
5148	Mr. Jang spoke during an interaction with journalists at his residence in Du, Jos South Local Government Area of the state, on Sunday evening.
5149	Mr. Jinapor is therefore asking the government, “in the supreme interest of the nation, suspend the deal and make the details available for proper public scrutiny”.
5150	Mr. Joel Edward Robinson, age 78 of Cedartown, passed away on Monday, April 9, 2018.
5151	Mr Kumbirai Hodzi speaks to the media soon after his appointment.
5152	Mr Linares stated that the development cannot be made smaller “because it is needed for the university”.
5153	Mr. Moon joined Ms. Kim and other North Korean supporters on Saturday in cheering for the team against Switzerland.
5154	Mr. Msoni says the PF Government has a lot of work to do as most people are frustrated with the current leadership.
5155	Mr. Mwanza says this is because the Country is presently highly dependent on what is happening in the global economy.
5156	Mr. Nunberg has spoken with the Senate Intelligence Committee in its own investigation into Russian election meddling, according to a person familiar with the matter.
5157	Mr. Nweze described his relationship with all the Canadian embassies as very cordial adding that participants of the seminar/workshop benefit enormously.
5158	Mr. Pence, seated next to President Moon Jae-in of South Korea and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, projected an image of solidarity with America’s allies against an aggressive North Korea.
5159	“Mr Peterson wishes that he could have prevented the untimely passing of the 17 victims,” the attorney, Joseph DiRuzzo, wrote.
5160	Mr. Ponsot has remained mum on his reasons for leaving the family-run Domaine Ponsot last year.
5161	Mr. Rogers ties his shoes just like me.
5162	Mrs. Addison went to her heavenly home on December 24, 2017.
5163	Mrs Adeoti Olawale, another patient, said: “I call on the Lagos State Government to intervene in the ongoing strike, before it cripples the state’s health sector.
5164	Mrs Amissah-Arthur urged the girls to be serious, remain committed and dedicated towards the initiative so that in the end they can have girls who could code and use robotics to solve challenging problems to fly high the flag of Ghana.
5165	Mrs Ashton said: 'Latham and I both unknowingly carried a gene that we passed on to her.
5166	Mr. Sauerberg highlighted the division earlier this summer in a companywide email.
5167	Mrs. Deweylene House Swords, 87, of Winder, went home Dec. 9, 2018.
5168	Mrs. Douglas said: “I am delighted that we will be opening new offices in the Eastern Caribbean, and are aiming for them to open in early 2019.
5169	Mrs Jimada reiterated that broadcasting stations should ensure that anchors of their programmes were properly informed and trained on the ethics of the profession as well as the provisions of the broadcasting code.
5170	Mrs. Mwanakatwe says of this amount, 2.14 billion Kwacha was for personal emoluments for public service workers, 1.5 billion Kwacha went towards debt service and 799 million Kwacha was released for grants.
5171	Mr. Sparber posted bail, was issued 4 MV summonses (Maintenance of Lamps, Fictitious Plates, Unregistered Vehicle, No Vehicle Insurance) then released.
5172	Mr. Speaker, since I have been Premier I have met with OECD Secretary General Angel Gurria on two separate occasions.
5173	Mr. Speaker, while that is understandable, as given their risk tolerances, to date local banks have been unwilling to offer services to newly incorporated FinTech and distributed ledger technology companies.
5174	Mr. Trump tweeted that after “false statements” from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, he had instructed his representatives “not to endorse” the final communique.
5175	Mr. Vadala could not be reached for comment, and he is not quoted in the article.
5176	Mr Wamalwa had arrived around 2pm to represent Mr Ruto, who later turned up past 5pm on Saturday.
5177	Mr Wolff however insisted that he “absolutely” spoke to the president, adding whether he “realised it was an interview or not, I don’t know, but it was certainly not off the record”.
5178	Mr. Woltman wrote.
5179	Mr. Zuckerberg has argued that people need to trust and embrace technology in their lives.
5180	Ms. Bliss added, alluding to Ms. Constand.
5181	Ms. Jha had little choice but to keep at it.
5182	MSNBC anchor Katy Tur chided a UCLA College Republican for using “talking points” during a Monday interview on campus.
5183	Ms. Susan G. Jones, better known as “Sue”, of Graceville, and formerly of Utica, NY, went home to be with the Lord on Monday, June 18, at the Southeast Alabama Medical Center in Dothan, AL.
5184	MTA trains and educates youth so that they can become the artists, patrons, and leaders of tomorrow while providing opportunities to adults that empower them and foster their creativity.
5185	MTV has yet to reveal official details or a premiere date, but we can’t wait.
5186	Much ado about nothing.
5187	Much like Paul Revere’s mad dash to warn colonists about the impending arrival of the British, five thousand men in French taxis did not actually entirely change the course of war.
5188	Much of it was recorded at the Cash Cabin Studio his father built in Hendersonville, Tenn., some 20 miles northeast of Nashville, four decades ago.
5189	Much the same thing happens with a woman dressed like an Indian, dancing to a bhangra soundtrack while her dog tries to humour her by tagging along.
5190	Much to the chagrin of fans, HBO has officially confirmed what had star Sophie Turner let slip last month regarding ‘ Season 8. The series will not air its final episodes until 2019.
5191	MUFG Americas Holdings Corp trimmed its position in SPDR S&P MidCap 400 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:MDY) by 3.7% in the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
5192	Muhamed’s work in the area has made a great impact, but with that impact came the negative press.”
5193	Muhammad Abubakar the Command’s Public Relations Officer, said police operatives had arrested Useini after a tip-off.
5194	Muhammad Shariq Siddigi was sentenced to 11.5 years behind bars, and his girlfriend will be sentenced on Wednesday.
5195	Mukesh Yadav, who lives near the spot of the incident, said, “Earlier, two such incidents took place.
5196	Multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis are both severe and chronic autoimmune diseases.
5197	Multiple studies show that American workers put in a much greater number of hours than the global average.
5198	Munthali said each of the 11 constituencies in the district has contributed K3.5 million for the construction of the shelter and that the council will use K34 million.
5199	MURIC rejects Falzâ€™ explanation that the girls in hijab in his â€˜Shaku Shakuâ€™ dance symbolize the Chibok girls because nothing in the video indicates that the girls represent the Chibok girls.
5200	Murray looks back at the film that inspired the restaurant and his memories from the night the lights went on at Wrigley.
5201	Murrieta Valley High School students, who created the virtual business Clear Coast Eyewear, won in the financial statements category.
5202	Musamude died in September 2007.
5203	Musical direction will be provided by Mike Ritter, with piano accompaniment by Jan Corrothers.
5204	Music by Kevin Arthur, Jason Campbell and Not All There.
5205	MWEB said the reader took all the correct steps in the complex cancellation process, and the company has taken steps to ensure this failure is not repeated.
5206	Myanmar’s manufacturing industry is mainly dominated by Asian investors, he added.
5207	My art is meant to disorient the viewer.
5208	“My baby rejects artificial milk.
5209	“My biggest concern is that people are not going to enroll,” said Trustee Thea Selby.
5210	My brother did the Milwaukee version of this last week.
5211	‘My brother-in-law is keeping strong for my sister and my nephew doesn’t really understand what has happened,’ she added.
5212	My convictions about how much more is possible in Ekiti stem not from any sense of entitlement but from a sense of service of obligation and posterity that positioned us for a time like this.
5213	“My defection was stopped by Asiwaju Tinubu, Oshiomole and Balarabe Musa.
5214	My ‘degree’ in being incarcerated is not a recognized or validated or respected form of education.”
5215	Myers is such a presence in the horror world because the mask is iconic.
5216	My Facebook and Instagram feed are filled with diet posts promising to help me become “Happy and Healthy for your Beach Body.”
5217	My family are under an incredible amount of pressure from the government.
5218	My father is gone and my sorrow is immense, but I know his life, and I know it was great because it was good.
5219	My father, Roland Johnson, is a wonderful singer and taught us all to sing as we learned to speak.
5220	My fisrt statement above offers a better solution, terms of bringing men who prey on young girls in check.
5221	My goal is the same.
5222	My grandmother, my dad really contributed to it all.
5223	My guess is that some little bastard tried to climb the artwork and security opened fire on him before he did some real damage.
5224	"My journey from being a kid who first picked up a basketball when I was 5 years old to first playing organised basketball when I was 9 all the way up to this point.
5225	My knee is furious!
5226	“My long-time cabaret teacher and director in New York City, Lina Koutrakos, knows that I’m a people-pleaser,” Karen replied.
5227	My mom died on my birthday.
5228	“My most memorable moment was winning State, but I also remember my sophomore year and it being crunch time for CIF,” Curtis said.
5229	My mother said some of the nurses wanted to go outside and talk to them, but the hospital’s management wouldn't allow them to go outside.
5230	My new all time most favorite iTunes review of my podcast: “So bad.
5231	My office will continue to do everything in our power to protect survivors and their rights.”
5232	“My only problem is naming the Webinar series.
5233	“My people are against cattle colonies; they have said that they would not relinquish their ancestral lands for the purpose of grazing reserves or colonies,” Mr. Jang said in a statement signed by his media consultant, Clinton Garuba.
5234	My people did not party.
5235	My primary focus will be to carry out people friendly operations so that Kashmir, which is moving towards mainstream, continues doing so,” he said.
5236	My response is that the right is attempting to discredit liberalism by attaching it to the illiberal left, and the proper response, both morally and politically, is to separate the two.
5237	My second punch came when I thought I was on track to graduate in May with just a few classes needed to get my degree.
5238	My top picks for the Edinburgh fringe pic.
5239	“My understanding is that the city decided to create this oversight body to monitor the funds and make decisions about investments,” said Westville Alder Adam Marchand, the vice-chair of the Board of Alders’ Finance Committee.
5240	My whole life is built on a lie.
5241	Mzembi is also accused of inflating prices of LED television units meant for the World Cup in 2010, which were valued at US$2 million, according to his ministry.
5242	Nadal makes no mistake the second time.
5243	Nadha Bramha has now went on to say that he would also lend his helping hand.
5244	Najib also declared Pulau Bum-Bum as a sub-district, and handed customary land titles to 1,000 recipients.
5245	Nana Takagi celebrates on the podium after winning the women's mass start on Saturday in Gangneung, South Korea on Saturday night.
5246	NASA’s infrared-sensing Spitzer Space Telescope also happened to have witnessed the beginning of the star’s brightening phase twice back in 2014, giving the researchers a bonanza of infrared data.
5247	NASA’s InSight lander placed its seismometer on Mars on December 19th, 2018.
5248	NASA SPoRT uses this information to provide Olympic officials experimental, real-time forecasts every six hours using the NASA Unified Weather Research Forecast model (NU-WRF) based at Goddard.
5249	Nasatir said Chicago’s Jewish community would hold a solidarity Shabbat next week for all denominations.
5250	Nassar is now serving a decades-long prison sentence for molesting patients and possessing child pornography.
5251	“Nathuram Godse shot dead the Father of the Nation in an attempt to not just silence him but also eliminate his ideology.
5252	National Alliance of Mental Illness (NAMI) is needing volunteers to help in the office.
5253	National Aviary Introduces New Baby Girl Sloth « CBS PittsburghWelcome to KDKA-TV on CBSPittsburgh.com! KDKA-TV is joining forces with the most trusted local CBS RADIO stations in Pittsburgh to give you the best Pittsburgh has to offer.
5254	Nationalising the banks was seen as the right means for national reconstruction -- the process of giving the country back to the people.
5255	Nationally prominent players such as Ralph Terry and Marv Throneberry would make brief appearance with Minden as they were being “hidden” by the New York Yankees, in those days before the Amateur Draft.
5256	Natural killer cells are one of the first blood cells to reconstitute after transplant and they are very important as they can protect against cancer and viruses.”
5257	Natural weed management methods reduce the need for herbicides.
5258	Nauert called the move "significant, given that Georgia is in the backyard of Russia."
5259	Navajo families need housing.
5260	Navy chaplain fired after he was caught having sex at New Orleans bar, report says White House: US mission in Syria coming to 'rapid end'
5261	NBA GameTime: All-Star Sunday, 5 p.m.
5262	NC: A number of factors, the legacy of Morgan Tsvangirai and our rural strategy.
5263	Ndamukong Suh is inching closer to making a free agency decision, and it sounds like you can cross the Oakland Raiders off his list.
5264	NDB Debit Cards can be used for Internet transactions in a safe manner in view of the ‘Two Factor Authentication’ using a ‘One Time Password (OTP)’, which prevents fraudulent use of card numbers.
5265	NDP Leader Gary Burrill was a member of former premier Darrell Dexter’s government when it dealt with the closure of the Bowater Mersey paper mill in 2012 and also helped to save the mill in Port Hawkesbury that same year.
5266	Near-flawless online multiplayer with GGPO netcode.
5267	Nearly 3.3 inches of rain fell on the area Wednesday and up to midnight Thursday.
5268	Ned was assassinated by the Foreigner in 1987 and wasn’t exonerated until years later when Spider-Man discovered the true identity of the Hobgoblin.
5269	Needless to say, a lot has changed since our parents went house-hunting!
5270	Needless to say, that was not the scene I found when I wandered down there on my lonesome Tuesday.
5271	Neither finished their careers with those schools, however, as they chose to complete them the same place — Manhattan, Kansas, to play for head coach Snyder.
5272	Neither have a lot of high wage positions.
5273	Neither Interpol nor Belgian authorities immediately confirmed the red notice that Correa’s lawyer claims to be the result of a “political persecution” against the former president.
5274	Neither the White House nor the Department of Homeland Security responded to follow-up questions, despite repeated requests.
5275	Nelle will insist that when she’s through, Michael (Chad Duell) will be firmly by her side.
5276	Nestled in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, Boulder is also just a stone’s throw from exceptional skiing and snowshoeing.
5277	Netanyahu has not been named as a suspect in a fourth investigation involving his close associates, Case 3000, but there have been reports that police are considering questioning him under caution about the case.
5278	Netanyahu’s presentation comes just days after both French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Washington in a last-ditch effort to salvage the deal.
5279	Neurological diseases-related podiatry includes the assessment and treatment of peripheral neuropathy which leads to numbness or weakness in the lower limbs due to an insufficient supply of nutrients to the nerves.
5280	“Never mind that DOJ has warned that lives and alliances are at risk.
5281	Never short on characters.
5282	New attendees can sign up; go to www.Edmondsfoodbank.org or call 425-778-5833.
5283	New book describes sustaining life in one's city.
5284	Newburg went on to say, “While some may disagree to the way that this case transpired, the conduct of counsel, this is what our constitution permits.”
5285	Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez admits he isn't aware how close any transfers are to being completed in the north-east.
5286	New Delhi justified the plan as a move to protect vulnerable workers but it was struck down after widespread condemnation by Indian activists and opposition politicians who feared it would deepen discrimination.
5287	New Delhi: The Cabinet has approved a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan for cooperation in the field of human resource development.
5288	New employers come on board and that ecosystem has to be understood in terms of when are the statutory filings.
5289	New Jersey taxpayers shouldn’t be funding a private citizens security detail.
5290	Newly recruited Shiite fighters, known as Houthis, mobilize to fight pro-government forces, in Sanaa, Yemen on Jan.
5291	New members will be required to commit to fight against discrimination, bullying, harassment and violence within the party.
5292	NEW ORLEANS (AP) – Azura Stevens scored 23 points, Napheesa Collier scored 22 and No. 1 UConn won its 50th straight road game, 91-47 over Tulane on Wednesday night.
5293	New Schalke 04 recruit Baba Rahman has set sights on helping the club qualify for the Uefa Champions League next season.
5294	New, stricter impaired driving laws are drawing criticism from Conservative Senator Denise Batters, who said the changes could tie up the courts and result in cases being tossed out.
5295	Newswatch 16 spoke with the woman's husband.
5296	New technologies are popping up in Africa all the time as people find creative ways of dealing with the unique characteristics of the continent.
5297	New Telegraph learnt that the argument of the APC stakeholders is that the President cannot just appoint anyone as the Director- General of his campaign organisation without consulting the party’s hierarchy.
5298	Newton spread the ball around to his talented skill players all game to put them in position to win.
5299	New year, new clean you.
5300	New York native Andrew Jenks started making movies when he was a teenager.
5301	Next, open an app like Messages that lets you access the keyboard.
5302	Next stop, then, might be YouTube, in case there’s a how-to video…
5303	Next time, nobody will wear them.”
5304	Next, we have a SONG!
5305	“Next year during this same time—you will see a new Penang Mill under the Government,” he said.
5306	NFL player donates $11K to family of police shooting victim awarded $4.
5307	Nichole: Actually, this year will be our 31st annual Bowl for Kids' Sake event.
5308	Nick Harris, a lawyer who is representing the group, said his clients had reported becoming unwell after recent stays at the Steigenberger Aqua Magic Hotel.
5309	Nigel noted that the shorter size and muscles give Bate an advantage due to the low center of gravity.
5310	Nigeria: Commonwealth Games - Selection Trial for Boxers - allAfrica.
5311	Nigeria lost about N1.74 trillion to the absence of the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill (PIGB) in 2013, according to the Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI).
5312	Nikkei seesawed in afternoon trade, dropping into the red and at one point losing more than 1 percent, before pulling back up in late trading to end the session in positive territory.
5313	Nikki Stopford, Director of Research at Which?, said: “The UK produces around 11.5 million tonnes of packaging waste every year, and much of this comes from food and drink packaging.
5314	Nintendo has also had an aggressive first-party release schedule from day one, starting with The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild launching in the same calendar year.
5315	Nintendo trademark filings revealed that The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks and Mario vs. Donkey Kong may be the company's next mobile games.
5316	Nkwatia (E/R), March 18, GNA - The Kwahu East District Assembly has cut the sod for the commencement of a three-unit classroom block with ancillary facilities for the Nkwatia SDA Primary School.
5317	NMMAM hours are 9am to 5pm on weekdays, except Tuesday mornings and public holidays.
5318	No. 10 Notre Dame fell for the first time this season Saturday, as it.
5319	“Nobody is a winner today,” says ASA Vice President Davie Stephens, a Kentucky soybean grower.
5320	No combination of their names would look pleasing on a supermarket shelf, so the product was eventually marketed under Marlow Foods — named after the source of the fungus.
5321	No date has been set for that meeting.
5322	No decisions have been made on changing the fee schedule and no timetable is in place for when that might take place, according to city officials.
5323	No delays are being reported or anticipated as a result of the investigation.
5324	No disrespect to the winners at all, but my most surprising reading experiences have come from the shortlist (Monica Ali, for example) and the longlist, (Timothy Mo, for example).
5325	No doubt the board would argue that the pros outweigh the cons, however.
5326	No excuses possible for the Times who can’t cover their routes.
5327	No idea, but it should be in the millions especially as the tournament grows.
5328	No. I had a hobby before it and it turned into an addiction, so I had to stop it.
5329	No illnesses have been reported yet.
5330	No injuries were reported, and the cause is under investigation.
5331	No, it was the brief shot of a thug with a pair of nunchucks that got the ax, because depictions of nunchucks in movies were illegal at the time.
5332	“No law and order is prevailing in the state.
5333	No lives were lost in the fire, but the house was gutted.
5334	Nollywood actress, Toyin Abraham has reacted to a comment from a fan who blasted her failed marriage to Adeniyi Johnson.
5335	No matter the result on Tuesday night both Lamb and Saccone are expected to run again in November – in different districts.
5336	No more dirt here, except for the concrete."
5337	No Nebraska schools offer the needed animal therapy courses.
5338	None of that is going to change for the beleaguered captain over the final 40 days of the regular season.
5339	None of the reasons for withholding Assent by Mr. President adduced by the media is true.
5340	None of these companies responded to our letters.
5341	Nonprofits can petition a town meeting with 10 percent of the total town voter turnout in the last gubernatorial election (or 230 voters signature) to place the request on a town meeting ballot as well.
5342	No one told me there would be math.
5343	“No one was hurt thanks to a national air-raid warning system developed by the Post Office Engineering department.”
5344	No quarterback had ever performed at any championship level at the age of 40: Brady was 37 with two years left on his contract.
5345	Nor did he look at the effects beyond 2040.
5346	Nor does it make the links between different types of crimes.
5347	Nor have I encountered a 24-year-old who was concerned about his pension contributions or health care.
5348	Nor should it suggest that women or men to be one way or the other.
5349	North Greene built a 17-3 after one quarter before Rushville rallied within 26-21 at halftime.
5350	Norwalk police on Tuesday announced that 33-year-old Anthony Domond, of Stamford, was charged with two counts of manslaughter…
5351	No, she did not.
5352	No start button here.
5353	Notable athletes who have played in the Under Armour All-America Game include Julio Jones, A.J. Green, Amari Cooper, Jameis Winston, Leonard Fournette and many more.
5354	Notably, Gupta was the secretary of tourism department while Sangram Keshari Ray was working as the General Manager of Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC) when Odisha government had earlier signed MoU with Seashore.
5355	Notably not part of the plan: the mall.
5356	Not a brilliant career move.
5357	Not addressed in the CDC’s report?
5358	Not all studios who use the early access funding model are being disingenuous about it.
5359	Not all were praising Parlato however.
5360	Not buying any more Nike while they support morons like Kaepernick who disrespect our flag and what it stands for.
5361	Notes: Drill holes were oriented to cross the most prominent mineralized structures seen in outcrops so core lengths reflect the approximate interpreted true width of the California zone mineralization.
5362	NOTES: Minnesota captain Mikko Koivu returned after missing four games with a lower-body injury.
5363	Note the straight arm in front of him, a sign known as posturing that would mean he's knocked out.
5364	“Not everybody wants to pay a living wage.
5365	Not everyone is happy with the decision to restrict kratom use in the US.
5366	Not from the venue or anything like that – Guatemala has passed a congressional decree banning the band from the entire country.
5367	No, that's a salad shooter.
5368	Nothing beyond that,” Justice Joseph said in Malayalam when local television news channels approached him at his ancestral home in Kalady near Kochi, seeking his reaction on Friday development.
5369	“Nothing in court surprised us, but it’s still very hard to take,” said McCone, trying, and not quite succeeding, to hold back his tears.
5370	Nothing moved in the project from 2000 to 2008 until it came under the jurisdiction of the Pakatan government after the general election in 2008.
5371	“Nothing really went beyond those conversations.
5372	Nothing says “I Love You” quite like a small box of heart-shaped antacid tablets.
5373	Noting that the next four years will be quite significant for the country, Buhari said “Nigeria is faced with a choice to keep building a new Nigeria – making a break from its tainted past which favoured an opportunistic few.
5374	Not many care for the plastic chairs and open backyard kitchen where cooking is still done on chulhas.
5375	Not many in Congress have succeeded in life as well as Trump has.
5376	Not much stays dormant any longer, with TV revivals, remakes, reboots, and every other sort of 're' you can think of happening across the board.
5377	Not much today.
5378	Not one but cars crashed into the building—on separate occasions—one of them causing a massive flood.
5379	“Not only is school not fun anymore, but it’s scary,” she said.
5380	Not only should he be removed from that office, he should also be hauled before the disciplinary structure of the party or integrity committee.
5381	Not only that, but—and don’t read this while sipping your coffee—the area might be needed for rerouting traffic during “the proposed Brent Spence Bridge makeover.”
5382	“Not only that, but that he is a person of questionable integrity who does little to bring credibility in the national leadership and clean the high country risk profile of Zimbabwe.
5383	Not only will they appeal to potential renters, but it is also a great memento of your beautiful vacation home awaiting your next visit.
5384	Not Shaun White blitzing the halfpipe in a final run to win gold, a win that came with some baggage by itself.
5385	Not so fast, never think harmless when it comes to Trump voters.
5386	Not so much the army of nannies to raise them though, there are plenty of people out there looking to adopt.
5387	Not surprisingly, the band hadn’t even left the stage when the first cheer of “TMP” rang through the small space.
5388	Not surprisingly, the game’s concept is drawing strong condemnation, including from parents whose children were victims of the Feb. 14 mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla.
5389	Not that Lovitz invented that line.
5390	Not too many days go by I don’t think about this.
5391	No two Kenyans agree on the origins of the differences and what they portend.
5392	Novak Djokovic, of Serbia, reacts during the U.S. Open final against Juan Martin del Potro, of Argentina, on Sunday.
5393	November 8, 2018 at 12:55 PMI Love when I read “BART should do…”.
5394	No vote was ever taken.
5395	Now 16 years later, the show has been re-imagined with state-of-the-art enhancements and a revamped aesthetic that we think fans are really going to enjoy,” said Alex Tyner, ESPN senior director, original content.
5396	Now, 20 years after moving into their little ramshackle cramped space next to the Cameo, DRERS has now relocated to the lower section of the Belgrave Community Hub and have the space to flourish.
5397	Now 29, she finished 2017 by winning back-to-back titles in Moscow and Zhuhai and extended her winning run to 14 matches by defeating Wozniacki to open the season with a trophy in Auckland.
5398	No. We all do this.
5399	No, we will jump at the end and show how he was caught.
5400	Now fans in the United States can finally, go see the band live.
5401	Now golden Lead has fooled the community, what a massive disappointment and loss for Gunjur.
5402	Now he goes about figuring out life without Witten and Bryant.
5403	Now he is an apostle of hate on behalf of the causes of the increasingly mainstream far left of the Democratic Party.
5404	Now he is opening North Korea to geopolitical forces beyond his immediate control.
5405	Now, he says, the sprint to June 26 begins.
5406	“Now he’s president of his country — it’s an unbelievable story.
5407	Now, I’m singing full time,” she said.
5408	Now in its sixth year, the competition enables schools and community groups to unleash their artistic skills on site hoardings.
5409	Now, isolated Nigerian Army units just wait to be ambushed.
5410	Now it’s down to our judges – model Kelly Brook, former bra-fitter to the royals June Kenton and The Sun’s Dulcie Pearce – to decide who will scoop the first prize of £5,000 and a sun-soaked photoshoot in Ibiza.
5411	Now, not only China, but also Russia protects us.
5412	No word on whether or not Spielman answered in Latin.
5413	Now put yourself in the shoes of a Chief Product Officer (CPO) at a home appliance business.
5414	Now that Disney's latest is officially out in theaters, viewers may be wondering if they should stick around through the credits for an extra scene.
5415	Now that he has announced his retirement, the tour dates have been canceled.
5416	Now that I think about it, I think I've actually heard one of those Klan fake Mr. Rogers tapes.
5417	Now, the much-hyped-and-rather-mysterious Magic Leap is taking its shot.
5418	Now the online publication is acting as if it never made such claims.
5419	Now, there are three species of elephants on Earth, two African and one Asian, and none of them interbreed.
5420	Now, there is a fabulous Pillsbury tasting room located in northern Arizona––in Cottonwood––but the actual vineyards, and a more intimate tasting room, are down south in Cochise County.
5421	Now, the WHO, along with the FDA, are attempting to put the nail in the coffin for trans fats.
5422	"Now they will work full time on these cases," Asselin said.
5423	Now Trump wants two more enormous concessions: an end to the so-called “diversity visa” program and the end of family reunification policies for documented immigrants who are already here.
5424	“Now we have to try and convince voters that a vote for us is also a vote for Jokowi (Widodo).
5425	Now, where’s that knitting?
5426	Now, with everyone healthy and an infusion of young talent, the defense should be strong once again.
5427	Now you don’t see her open and if you do see her open, you see a white shirt behind her.
5428	Now you do, so we’re kind of copying what some other teams have done.”
5429	Nr Netanyahu, who is also attending the Munich conference, rapidly hit back.
5430	NTM this is lazy water so, again, I don't think the water had anything to do with it.
5431	“Numbers will be the key for the industry to grow and develop.
5432	Numerous employers are looking for qualified candidates to fill upper-level and management positions.
5433	Nur Jazlan said Shafie offended Rela members after he questioned the government’s decision to deploy them for duty in the Eastern Sabah Security Zone (ESSZone).
5434	NXT stars Adam Cole and champ Andrade 'Cien' Almas also looked great in the battle royale.
5435	Obama ridiculed Trump’s focus in the final days of the campaign on the caravan of Central American asylum seekers making their perilous way to the US border.
5436	Obviously, most of the Bengals offense suffered in 2017, but Boyd was hit especially hard.
5437	Oct. 2, 2017: The Interior Department’s inspector general’s office announced it opened an investigation into Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke’s use of taxpayer-funded charter planes.
5438	Octavia Nqoko, head waitress at Flavours Restaurant in Ramsgate, is all smiles about the Parmesan crusted lamb cutlets with a red wine balsamic reduction.
5439	October is National Disability Employment Awareness Month.
5440	Of course, a state health exchange executive blamed the premium spikes on “instability in the health insurance market — much of it caused by tactics designed to undermine the Affordable Care Act.
5441	Of course, it helps that face-masking celebrities are most commonly flying in more premium, and thus more private, seats; a sheet mask might even afford them discretion that their bare, recognizable face doesn’t.
5442	Of course, it was a fractured mandate that set off the post-electoral drama in the first place, with no single party or pre-poll combination getting a majority in Karnataka.
5443	Of course, no sitting president can or should take full credit for complex economic indicators that rely on a wide variety of factors.
5444	Of course, Powell is still a moviegoer as well as a moviemaker.
5445	Of course we know that freedom of the press and speech is not possible in Turkey and now it seems they would reach into TRNC who are financially dependent on Turkey and apply their restrictive practices there.
5446	Of ensuring the quality of voting and voters to “save” western democracy, : “I have been examining electoral systems across the world.
5447	Offensive linemen get in position for drills from left, Duane Brown, D.J. Fluker, Germain Ifedi, and Justin Britt as the Seattle Seahawks hold minicamp at the Virginia Mason Athletic Center in Renton Tuesday June 13, 2018.
5448	Officer Hood visited Rangely Cub Scout Packs 189 and 191 to talk to them about law enforcement and safety.
5449	• Officer performed a home visit on the 1000 block of Cory Street.
5450	Officers attending IOC still need to complete all nine hikes.
5451	"Officers followed the suspect on foot around a building at 180 Highland Street, through the parking lot and into a small patch of woods," Duarte said.
5452	Officers spoke with a student who said she was walking to school with her sister at around 11:00 when a white man in his 30s pulled up to them in the area of Noyes and York Streets and made an inappropriate comment.
5453	Officials at Elliott feel the proposed development would reduce the mortuary’s on-street parking impact, thus improving public safety.
5454	Officials reviewing China’s foreign-exchange holdings have recommended slowing or halting purchases of U.S. Treasuries, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
5455	Officials said ferry crossings between Playa del Carmen and the island of Cozumel will resume through other companies that also provide the service at the dock.
5456	Officials said Messer violated the dress code twice and had an altercation with a school resource officer.
5457	Officials said the plans are still in flux.
5458	Officials say the park didn’t provide the injured worker and the other two crew members working on the roof a guard rail or restraint system.
5459	… Offred is sort of out of practice.
5460	Of late foreign investors, who would have brought foreign currency into the country for various investments, were facing challenges in repatriating principal investments, profits, dividends and sale proceeds.
5461	Of the 4,500 migrants encamped last week in Mexico City, U.S. and Mexican officials estimated, roughly 60 percent were men, 30 percent women, and 10 percent children….
5462	Of the 71 meetings between these two sides over the years, the Londoners have the slightly better record with 31 wins to their name.
5463	Oh, and I think collusion amongst Trump, the Republican Party, and the Russians is now a demonstrated fact.
5464	Oh, and those Native Americans.
5465	Oh don’t start the Blair Witch Is Hillary rumors.
5466	Ohio State freshman defensive lineman Tyler Friday (54) sacks Tulane senior quarterback Jonathan Banks in the third quarter of the game against Tulane on Sept. 22. Ohio State won 49-6.
5467	Ohio State inched forward on its plans to build a new hospital tower Wednesday, with the Wexner Medical Center Board of Trustees submitting a proposal to enter into contracts with an architecture firm.
5468	Ohio State will go on the road next weekend to face the Minnesota Gophers.
5469	OHS needed strong defensive pushes against foes like Lake Gibson, the 2016 Class 6A runner-up in a 23-14 season-opening win, and Davenport Ridge.
5470	Oh, so it went over, but when you first looked at the project the dollar was at par and now it’s at 75 cents, no wonder things cost more.
5471	“Oh,” Southgate said when the full explanation came.
5472	Oh yeah, that’s right.
5473	Oil is also under pressure from rising output by the world’s biggest producers, Russia, the United States and Saudi Arabia, which is helping to replenish global oil inventories after more than a year of stock draws.
5474	Oil press extracts about 75% of the lipids – not viable.
5475	Okay, forget everything MoviePass has said about changes to its movie theater subscription plan.
5476	OKLAHOMA CITY – Devon Energy is laying off approximately 300 people, the company announced Tuesday.
5477	Old heads are about to have their work cut out for them for a new dance challenge taking off on Instagram.
5478	Oleksii managed to gain a professional experience in a variety of areas, including software development, business analytics, and project management.
5479	Oler, 54, was excommunicated from the church around 2012 and now lives in Alberta, while Blackmore, 61, continues to live in Bountiful and holds a prominent position there.
5480	Oliveira Baptista said he took his inspiration for the main collection from the 50,000 trees the Lacoste family planted around their golf course at Saint-Jean-de-Luz in southwest France during World War II.
5481	Olivier Award winning actress Sharon D. Clarke will also be joining season 11 in a recurring role, though no details are known about her character.
5482	Olthof said 77 were fire-related calls and 60 were for mutual aid to other departments.
5483	Olympic Gold medalist Ron Brown and former Rams running back Greg Bell spoke with the young athletes and gave them advice on football and being a student athlete.
5484	'Oman is a pipeline to Tehran'
5485	OmiseGO (OMG) traded 11.3% lower against the dollar and now trades at $1.48 or 0.00038727 BTC.
5486	On 1 August 2012, Kgafela II sent back a letter accepting the resignation, and made mention of an “appropriate retirement package” that had been discussed in the presence of “the other royal uncles”.
5487	On 7/27/18 at 7:29 a.m., Aaron A. Ankmlin, 30, of 655 S. Main St., Apt.
5488	On a cold and windy night, Jackson County didn’t keep fans at Panther Park out in the elements too long.
5489	On August 2, 2018, the district attorney’s office announced Provencio was sentenced to 14 years behind bars and ordered to pay restitution.
5490	On campus, he was as interesting as I had expected him to be.
5491	On Catfish: The TV Show, Nev Schulman and Max Joseph have talked to people about bullying and being mean because they simply canâ€™t understand why someone would say some of the things they do.
5492	Once again, thank you Zimbabwe.
5493	Once again, we know the exchange zone may not stop bad things from happening, but it can be a deterrent.
5494	Once a Memorandum of Understanding for the export is in effect, other local fishing companies that are capable of meeting the demand will be considered, he said.
5495	Once researchers accounted for the change in survey questions, they calculated that the proportion of overweight and obese adults actually rose to 58 percent by the end of the study period.
5496	Once the bridge passes inspection it will re-open Labeaume said.
5497	“Once the drugs pass through Thailand the prices will increase,” Sommai said, adding that disruptions to supply chains have done little to stall production.
5498	Once the larvae developed into coral polyps, researchers planted their substrate, called Seeding Units, on a test reef and tracked their growth.
5499	Once the ruling is published, new refugees who apply for asylum will be allowed to reside in any part of the country they choose.
5500	Once they had defeated Umbridge, there was no need for the group to meet again and it was dissolved until the Battle of Hogwarts.
5501	Once they’re alone, Brady will come clean to Eve (Kassie DePaiva).
5502	Once upon a time, Sony’s smartphones were the most leaked and worst kept secrets in the industry.
5503	Once we have approval from them, religious bigots would lost their strength to protest.
5504	“Once you get the ball, we talk about being the extra man and maybe sitting in behind someone at the back of a shape and then coming around on the outside of him to be the extra man.
5505	Once you have decided to move, you should start accumulating boxes and stacks of newspapers for the packing purpose.
5506	One AbcoinCommerce coin can now be bought for about $0.11 or 0.00001701 BTC on exchanges.
5507	One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have given a hold recommendation and nine have issued a buy recommendation on the company.
5508	“One attendant kept the call on hold for four minutes, and later, did not send the ambulance on time,” he added.
5509	One can imagine the agony Novotna must have felt against Graf as the umpire continually reminded the world that her Wimbledon dream was slipping away from her, with every score announcement.
5510	One can only wonder what basketball would be like now if Steve Nash had shared a stage with Kidd sooner.
5511	One can oppose Trump on these issues and much else and still recognise his positions were advertised in the 2016 preview guide.
5512	One can’t pay homage or a tribute to an iconic anthem with a measly club mix.
5513	One could argue that’s a good thing, but for me, this came from a lack of organization as opposed to a deeper, thought-provoking meaning.
5514	“One day after President Trump came to California to see prototypes of his border wall, the state Senate made history Wednesday by selecting the first undocumented resident for a statewide appointment,” read the press release from de Leon’s office.
5515	One day, he confronted Henry in the cafeteria.
5516	One day, he dropped a CD on my desk and assured me I'd really like it.
5517	One Earth Day no longer subsides my guilt when I peel off 10 K-Cup lids and empty those Tupperware shot glasses into my coffee maker.
5518	One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company.
5519	One expat said on social media that her son knows both the boy and the girl.
5520	One firefighter suffered a minor injury in the fire.
5521	“One hundred and fifteen (115) members of the sect were arrested at the scene by police operatives,” Abuja police spokesperson, Anjuguri Manzah, said in a Monday night statement to newsmen.
5522	One INDINODE coin can currently be bought for about $0.0000 or 0.00000001 BTC on major cryptocurrency exchanges including CryptoBridge and Crex24.
5523	One interesting fact is that the government has provided perpetual care for these cemeteries in the years since 1941 and as such, they are in much better shape than many cemeteries from a similar era, located on open land.
5524	One in three women who claim for a mental disorder stated it involved harassment or bullying, while for men it was one in five.
5525	One is, “Yes, absolutely” or two, “If we had an opening, we would consider them.”
5526	One Kobocoin coin can now be purchased for approximately $0.0210 or 0.00000332 BTC on popular cryptocurrency exchanges including YoBit, Cryptopia and CoinExchange.
5527	One last party for England fans.
5528	One manufacturer of sexbots, California-based RealBotix, says that many of its customers purchase their products for more than just sex.
5529	One MyBit token can currently be bought for approximately $0.0060 or 0.00000169 BTC on major exchanges including HitBTC, LATOKEN, IDEX and Bancor Network.
5530	One night catching fire from the field isn’t a cure-all.
5531	One of her outfits is an elegant white dress.
5532	One of Paris Market’s trademarks is their gorgeous window displays, which change every few months, and another is the experience of a Paris boutique.
5533	One of the alleged Chibok students said: “We are the Chibok girls that you cry for us to return to you.
5534	“One of the badges is the emergency preparedness merit badge which is an Eagle Scout required merit badge,” Peter O’Connor said, an EMT member of the volunteer REMA force.
5535	One of the coalition’s Members of Parliament (MP), Richard Allen, was recently accused of forming a Community Development Council (CDC) within a tilted Amerindian community in Four Miles, Region One (Barima-Waini).
5536	One of the few bright spots for the Royals was the performance of rookie right-hander Brad Keller (2-2, 2.25 ERA), who is scheduled to face Mariners left-hander James Paxton (7-2, 3.65) in the series finale Sunday afternoon at Safeco Field.
5537	“One of the jokes is: We’re going to give them sugar and cookies and send them on their way home,” said Dodd.
5538	One of the key polarizing issues concerned educational materials about gender identity that were proposed for classrooms.
5539	One of them, considered the Bible for the game by many, Dave Campbell’s Texas Football, predicted Ennis would win their third consecutive league title by besting the nine-teams in District 8-5A.
5540	One of the more warming tales of a frenetic Christmas schedule has been Wilshere’s return to a starting place in Arsene Wenger’s team.
5541	One of the most important aspects of the project is that materials sent in for digitization go back to the families.
5542	One of the snares discovered by the teams contained a dead mountain gorilla.
5543	One of the two other victims was a pregnant woman and also some neighbours who lost property and other valuables, luckily with no reported injuries.
5544	One of the world’s favourite redheads lit up Brisbane on Tuesday night and changed his setlist to play a special song requested by a young local fan.
5545	One of the worst is doomed to endlessly repeat a terribly uncomfortable situation, while another encounters a type of release.
5546	One party a night can reserve the unique opportunity to dine in a private area adjacent to the open kitchen.
5547	One person was shot and injured.
5548	One phishing email that leads to a ransomware attack and shuts down systems and services quashes it all.
5549	One reads “Tradecraft,” which sounds like it could have been a perfect alternate title for this film.
5550	One Storiqa token can currently be bought for approximately $0.0004 or 0.00000011 BTC on major exchanges including LATOKEN, IDEX, CoinBene and Hotbit.
5551	One theory suggests that Atlantis is more technologically advanced than the surface world, with more eco-friendly and sustainable innovations.
5552	One thing is sure though; he’s pretty popular.
5553	One TittieCoin coin can now be bought for $0.0001 or 0.00000002 BTC on popular cryptocurrency exchanges including YoBit, Crex24 and Cryptopia.
5554	One user commented “It is useful to receive community-based messages, keep up the good work”.
5555	One victim was able to use the Find My iPhone App to discover Hill’s home and turned that information over to the police.
5556	One warrant was for possession of controlled substance – marijuana, second offense; and the second warrant was for controlled substance violation.
5557	One woman ditched her date after spotting a better option at the bar, while a man was shocked when his companion was a lot older than expected and lost her false teeth during the meal.
5558	“One woman left this office, then killed her husband that night.
5559	One would think that, since this was an election ploy; there would be something in place.
5560	One wrote: 'I'd say that attending is is lieu of a wedding present as you've gone above and beyond to attend anyway (presumably they know what you've told us?).
5561	On Feb. 27, 2014, Russian Spetsnaz, special forces troops, seized government buildings in Simferopol.
5562	On Friday and Saturday, visitors can catch Vern speaking at the Fresh Ideas Stage about essential elements to make your house a home.
5563	On Friday, investigators surveilled Aquino-Alcantara at several locations in Providence, according to a police report, and saw a man who matched his description visiting the Unit Street home in a white Honda Accord.
5564	On Friday, Meghan cradled her baby bump and discussed her pregnancy symptoms at Bondi Beach in Sydney.
5565	On Friday, Roberts and the liberals refused to do so, ensuring that Tigar’s injunction will remain in place.
5566	On Fridays, prior to classes bringing their blue, black and compost to our recycle audit area outside my class, students get together to make the week’s compost liners from newspapers.
5567	Ongoing output cuts led by OPEC and Russia has caused oil price to hit a new high.
5568	On her shadowing day, she had met the student’s friends.
5569	On islands were rats aren't present to predate them, huge populations of seabirds live, breed and drop guano on the island, which in turn leeches out to nourish nearby coral and the sea life that inhabits the reefs.
5570	On June 14, 1943, the justices this earlier decision.
5571	On June 5, Saudi Arabia and its allies cut all diplomatic ties with Qatar, pulling their ambassadors from the gas-rich emirate and giving its citizens a two-week deadline to leave their territory.
5572	Only 10 players suited up for Boston as Irving, F Marcus Morris (bruised left hip), Gs Shane Larkin (right knee soreness) and Marcus Smart (right hand laceration) were sidelined with injuries.
5573	Only 29 years old, he hit his 32nd century recently, going past Ricky Ponting’s tally and moving ever closer to Sachin Tendulkar’s.
5574	Only five MPs voted against the CCA — among them, Ann Widdecombe and the sainted Peter (now Lord) Lilley — and they have since been more than vindicated.
5575	Only In Minnesota headline: "Brainerd Jaycees investigate cheating in ice-fishing tournament"
5576	Only then will we start to drive down the crime rate in New Orleans.
5577	Only the unity of the Central American, Mexican and Latin American peoples will be able to overthrow the capitalist system, which prevents us from living happily in our lands.
5578	Only two years after the ink dried on his £1.4 billion swoop on Argos, Mike Coupe, the boss of Sainsbury’s and the man of the hour, has upped the ante again.
5579	On May 21, village trustees approved an agreement for SB Friedman Development Advisors to prepare the necessary documents to add 12 years to the life of the TIF.
5580	On Monday afternoon, Jan.
5581	On Monday a release was issued asking the public to consider exploring alternate routes to get to the Trans-Canada Highway to avoid the site of the sinkhole on Main Street in case the road needs to be shut down if conditions worsen.
5582	On Monday, March 19, 2018, the Incredible Dr. Pol made a “school-visit” to Mr. Koch & Mr. Gould’s 4th Grade class at Clare Primary School.
5583	On Mrs Gandhi’s comment that the states are clamouring for more powers because the Centre is weak, he said: “She thinks that the Centre is weak because she is not there.”
5584	On Nov. 8, Bombardier announced that it would lay off 5,000 workers company-wide over the next 12 to 18 months.
5585	On Oct. 10, the weather abruptly changed, kicking off 18 straight days for the remainder of the month that turned out to be 10th coldest on record for that period.
5586	On Oct. 25, DPS officially published a proposal to expand its armed officer program.
5587	On October 24, 1979, Mormon Prophet Spencer W. Kimball dedicated a garden in remembrance of that event.
5588	On Saturday Kinshasa's police commissioner, General Sylvano Kasongo, announced a goal of "zero deaths" during the protests, when he held a review of his police force.
5589	On Section 301, Zhang said the U.S. measures vastly increased tariffs, "bringing back to life the ghost of unilateralism that has been dormant for decades".
5590	On-stage antics and audience participation are par for the course at any Cadence show, but so too is a mesmerizing display of musical genius.
5591	On that note, you got to see the blanks get filled in a bit by watching your evacuation on the show last night.
5592	On the campaign trail he called the organization “a disaster” and, as with NAFTA, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and the Iran deal, threatened to pull out of it post haste.
5593	On the current security situation in the state, the CP described it as calm, stable and peaceful.
5594	On the Dow, JPMorgan pulled 1.2% higher after its first-quarter results beat analyst targets by healthy margins.
5595	On the final float of the parade,, Santa and Mrs. Claus were met with the joyful cheers of the local children.
5596	On the fourth board Eesha Karavade drew without much hiccups.
5597	On the issue of the loans, Bradley noted that there are only two outstanding loans — one to Fort Recovery Construction and Equipment and the other to GFT Corporation — that are connected to county funds.
5598	On the nineteen nineties, computer consumers were definitely astounded if their pc fire screens were being simply because great seeing that 23″.
5599	On the other hand, some emerging-market asset classes, particularly currencies, have been volatile as the world’s second-largest economy–China–has responded with tit-for-tat tariffs.
5600	On the other hand, the LR sets were easy-moderate in terms of level of difficulty.
5601	On the other hand there is no need to show extra sympathy to them again.
5602	On the other side, America's largest bike sharing company will continue heading its bike maintenance and servicing operations as an individual business unit under the same Motivate name.
5603	On the plane returning from Chile, Francis told reporters he believed the bishop was innocent.
5604	On the same day that Johnatha died, she called me and said that she was there to help any way she could.
5605	On the schedule, it states that the firm's vice-president of ASIC engineering, Stuart Oberman, will "present the company's next-gen GPU technology".
5606	On the tram the other day my raucous five-year-old was tapped on the shoulder by an old man.
5607	On third-and-4 from the Patriot 49, Schlechty took a handoff from Parker Grimes and went through a hole on the right side of the offensive line.
5608	On this day in particular, Brad was rocking some holiday threads, wearing what appeared to be a Hawaiian shirt.
5609	On Thursday, the Salt Lake County councilwoman and U.S. Senate candidate unveiled her proposed tax plan that would walk back some of the recent cuts.
5610	On Thursday, X5 <FIVEDR.
5611	On Thursday, Zuckerberg, in a post, apologised for the data breach and said that his company would upgrade its security features ahead of the upcoming elections in countries like India and Brazil.
5612	On Tuesday, actor Roshan Pandey (31) was arrested.
5613	On Tuesday, July 3, an Accra High Court ordered the Communications Ministry to make available all documents relating to the deal to two citizens, and a pressure group, Citizens Ghana movement.
5614	On Tuesday, June 5, dozens of honeys from around the world will be available to sample at the annual Black Jar Honey Tasting event.
5615	On Tuesday, the weather was described as a possible “contributing factor” in a pile-up in Buffalo, New York, involving as many as 25 cars and possibly leaving two injured, according to New York State Police spokesman Trooper Michael P. Cassella.
5616	On Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH), Madam Baddoo said if every household were to have its own toilet, diarrhoea would be halved and cholera epidemics would be a thing of the past.
5617	On Wednesday, Amgen took a new approach: It said it would slash the list price to $5,850 a year in hopes of increasing sales, especially among Medicare beneficiaries who are particularly vulnerable to a drug’s list price.
5618	On Wednesday, British police said the Skripals were probably poisoned at the front door of the former spy's home in Salisbury, southwestern England.
5619	On Wednesday, CEO Dara Khosrowshahi asserted that the company was “raising the bar on safety” with another round of new safety updates.
5620	On Wednesday, that number went up to 80, with nearly 14 percent of the student body out sick.
5621	Opechancanough, the Powhatan chiefdom’s dominant leader, leads an assault on Jamestown, Virginia, killing nearly 350 English colonists.
5622	Opener Jonny Bairstow and Alex Hales cracked breath-taking centuries as England hit Australian bowlers all around the park to register the highest score in ODI cricket.
5623	Opening just as the worst recession in Spain’s history kicked in, they did anything but contemplate their navels and came out fighting with new dishes by the week and a new look every season.
5624	Open since 1932, Engel’s is the oldest bar in Edmonds.
5625	Operation Dry Water patrols will include increased patrols, breathalyzer tests, and checkpoints as well as boater education and outreach.
5626	Opinions of the Republican tax plan appear to have stalled out, new polling suggests, leaving the law neither an obvious millstone nor an unambiguous asset for the GOP heading into the 2018 midterms.
5627	OPP investigation determined that the male was a disqualified driver resulting from previous Criminal Code driving convictions.
5628	Or as Reitman put it: “As a filmmaker, I have so many questions about how we got here, today in 2018, and this moment was one of the first times I thought, ‘Here’s a thread I want to pull.’
5629	Or Astro-Turf, if I can get a color match.
5630	Or, as we like to say, in the most delightful way!
5631	Or, buy at full price and pick up a $200 gift card.
5632	Order to this effect was issued on Monday by Registrar General J&K High Court Sanjay Dhar.
5633	Organizational days increase resiliency and camaraderie amongst those serving in a deployed combat environment.
5634	Or hide in the woods in Tálknafjörður.
5635	Originally known as Decoration Day, Memorial Day was initially celebrated in remembrance of those soldiers who died during the Civil War.
5636	O'Riordan's distinctive voice filled the church as her songs were softly played throughout the service, while photographs of the singer performing and one of her with the Pope were placed along the walls.
5637	Or is it laugh-out-loud and laugh-till-you-cry?
5638	ORLANDO, Fla. — The city of Orlando is asking a federal judge to dismiss a civil rights lawsuit that was filed on behalf of victims and survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting.
5639	Orozco, a biology major from Ballinger, Texas, has a job lined up as a dental assistant.
5640	Or perhaps you decide not to lend to anyone under any circumstances.
5641	Or to use a bawdier metaphor she might build a song around: ‘I’ve described it in porn terms,’ says Bloom, ‘in that all of my holes are filled.’
5642	Oruma was one of the Nigerian football stars who made millions in the round leather game, but he was reported to have been duped by a clergyman and some fake oil businessmen.
5643	Or Vere Technical High School’s Daniella Deer, who entered the 400m event with a personal best of 53.06 seconds, but somehow registered a pedestrian 1:00.12 minutes in her Stage One heat?
5644	Ostensibly, this positive step is aimed at nullifying illegal trading of WMD and parts by countries such as North Korea.
5645	Other events planned to celebrate Energy Month include, but are not limited to: radio talks; a health fair; health and fun walks; and school visits.
5646	Other features seen on EMUI 9 include the return function, that works by swiping inward from the phone’s left bezel.
5647	Other groups have reported that hemozoin activates immune cells to produce cytokines such as interleuikin-1β that induce cell death.
5648	Other groups, such as the Association for Lokoja-Kotonkarfe Market Men and forum Kogi West PDP Youth Leaders, at various forums, have expressed open support for the younger Idris.
5649	Other heirs apparent did, however, rise in the ranks.
5650	Other key donors, however, seem to be more hesitant.
5651	Other logging roads provide additional access to the area.
5652	Other major companies rolling out fixes include Microsoft, Amazon and Google.
5653	Other neighbours said they knew very little about the residents and believed they were new to the area.
5654	Other possible opponents were the winner of the first round tie between Lithuania’s Zalgiris Vilnius and a preliminary round winner.
5655	Other purported details include plans for brother-in-law Kanye West to perform, as well as for celebrity florist Jeff Leatham to handle the flowers.
5656	Other schools in the Yarra Ranges whichc also received a funding boost included Mooroolbark College, Monbulk College and Upwey high School.
5657	Others didn't expect the January report, on its own, to have a significant impact on the outcome of the Bank of Canada's next rate announcement.
5658	Others have no home to return to after their villages were torched in the military crackdown.
5659	Otherwise, this will threaten the fundamental principles of Olympic Movement,” he wrote in the letter.
5660	Our banking system is compromised beyond belief,” said one Harare-based investment manager who believes that devaluation is inevitable.
5661	Our collective efforts will assist.
5662	“Our community is so big and so healthy,” she said with a smile.
5663	“Our contention is that the prosecution has been unable to prove that the defendant gave that directive’’, he said.
5664	Our deputies are going to find every one of the suspects.
5665	“Our early morning physical energising sessions before class have been helping his recovery,” said Balderstone.
5666	"Our families will thrive.
5667	“Our goal is to be the global digital champion in automotive marketing.
5668	"Our hearts are with the family of the individual aboard as well as all of our Alaska Air and Horizon Air employees."
5669	Our highly skilled group of professional writers and editors are prepared to select the quality of your essay to a completely different level.
5670	“Our investigation has led us to believe that Mila was not the intended target,” he said.
5671	“Our legal team is approaching the courts and we will definitely formally file our complaint with ILO,” Mutasa told the Daily News.
5672	Our lenses come standard with state of the art scratch resistant protection to ensure their maximum longevity.
5673	“Our mission and our goal are to serve our community,” Penn said.
5674	Our much-lamented manufacturing industry has long departed this Earth, or at least our part of it.
5675	Our neighborhood had some of the best cooks ever.
5676	Our own Erik Henriksen answers this question in this week's deep-dive feature on the future of municipal broadband.
5677	“Our plan is to create a really functional, flexible space where lots of different activities can happen.
5678	Our priorities are wrong right from childhood.
5679	Our programme is on Wednesday, where we will start with a march from Robert Mugabe Square," Tsenengamu said.
5680	Our protest was very peaceful and simple.
5681	“Our province is open, inclusive, and competitive, and we welcome the movement of people and the advancement of economic and cultural connections between our nations.
5682	“Our results suggest that negative expectations about pain or treatment outcomes may in some situations interfere with optimal recovery, both by enhancing perceived pain and by preventing people from noticing that they are getting better,” Jepma said.
5683	Our sister station confirmed these 2 homicide suspects led police on a wild chase that ended near Cimarron Road and SW 44th.
5684	Our son offered his two cents.
5685	Our struggle is to be seen, and treated, as human beings.
5686	“Our students were excited to add their voices to the ANCA campaign to encourage an MCC STEM grant to help Armenia become the Silicon Valley of the Caucasus,” said Ari Guiragos Minassian Armenian School Principal Sanan Shirinian.
5687	Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!”
5688	“Our union contract has specific language to enable labor and management to jointly address such questions as they relate to the employer’s legitimate operational needs,” the union said.
5689	Our work is much more focused on the day-to-day needs of young people to notice which bureaucrat is going where,” the teacher said.
5690	Out in Tuscaloosa for the Alabama/Citadel game, temperatures will start in the upper 50s at kickoff (11 a.m.) and climb into the mid-60s by the fourth quarter.
5691	Out of an abundance of cautiousness they are finishing everything and not having school,” he said.
5692	Outside of his music, his popularity with fans stems largely from his down-to-earth image and disavowal of the misogyny, vice and violence often associated with the rap industry.
5693	Over 14 schools have started receiving state-of-the-art technological gadgets.
5694	Over 30 local residents attended the meeting to ask questions and better understand what the project will mean for the area out at Captain Cook State Recreation Area where the highway will be extended out past.
5695	Over 400 customers are without power.
5696	Overall, meteorologists predict an irreversible transition to a wetter, warmer climate for Ireland – boding poorly for the agricultural economy.
5697	Overall, there are a number of things that work well in this film.
5698	Overcoming sexual performance anxietyWhether due to expectations or stress, it is common for men of all ages to experience performance anxiety and erectile dysfunction.
5699	Over the last week, community members have been curiously posting videos to Facebook of helicopters in the area delivering large equipment pieces near AT&T service towers.
5700	Over the last week, Ti-Value has traded 14.5% higher against the U.S. dollar.
5701	“Over the past 25 years, we have consistently maintained that explicit reputation of honouring repayment of the year-after-year syndicated loan without a single default.
5702	Over the years, Akvarious has created a brand of theatre that’s youthful and laced with contemporary humour.
5703	“Over the years, as a minister and later on, as the legislator representing Ekiti/Isin/Irepodun/Oke-Ero Federal Constituency, Funke dedicated herself to the service of the Nigerian people.
5704	Over the years, he has insisted that they are very dangerous and pretty much the number one cause of mass shootings.
5705	Over the years, the riots have become enshrined in public memory through various means, including news reports, commissions of inquiry, academic writings, reports by human rights organisations and films.
5706	Over time, Erickson, who died on the scene, had his name added to the wall.
5707	Over time, the categories grew, others began to compete, and it was in this competitive environment that voguing matured into the art form it is today.
5708	Owings and his wife, Brittany, have called Scottsdale home since 2014.
5709	Owls in literature are creatures of darkness, imbued with magic, witch-like, malevolent, omniscient and mysterious.
5710	Owners’ representative BGMEA President Siddiqur Rahman proposed Tk 6,360 minimum wage while workers’ representative Jatiya Sramik League leader Shamsunnahar Bhuyian proposed Tk 12,020.
5711	Ozil gives it away, Wilshere gives it away, Spurs battle and win it back.
5712	Ozil was a substitute in the Gunners’ 3-2 defeat against Southampton last weekend and was left out of the squad to play Tottenham on Wednesday because of “tactical reasons”.
5713	Pakistan, South Asia and Islam.
5714	Palwal: 1 person beaten to death by villagers on suspicion of cattle theft in Behrola village, on intervening night of 2 & 3 August.
5715	Pane Bianco is perhaps the quietest sibling in the growing family of Bianco restaurants, an understated spot closely associated with its heavenly split focaccia sandwiches.
5716	Panthers coach DeLynn Cline is optimistic about the season, and Bulldogs coach Nathan Medlin also seems ready to face the challenge that 2018 will bring.
5717	Papa Murphy’s core purpose is to bring all families together through food people love with a goal to create fun, convenient and fulfilling family dinners.
5718	Papers detailing the specific models will be released later this month by automakers after paperwork has been filed with the NHTSA.
5719	Paramedics are assessing eight people who were hit by a car at the intersection of Cardinia Road and Princes Highway shortly after 3.30pm.
5720	Paramedics, doctors and the crew of an air ambulance scrambled to the holiday park and the youngster was taken to the specialist King's College Hospital, along with the severed arm which was packed in ice to try to preserve it.
5721	Parchment was suspended from the road agency in April, but five months later neither the NRA board nor the ministry responsible have made any comment about his current status.
5722	Parents Call Pilot Textbook Political PropagandaControversy is brewing among parents over new curriculum in Elk Grove Unified School District.
5723	Parent U is intended to bring together parents and caregivers to learn from experts and each other.
5724	Par for Thomas at 17. And Reed chips up to six feet at 15, and for the third time today completes a string of three consecutive birdies!
5725	Pari Karem, general manager of immigrant services at the YMCA in Kitchener, Ont., works directly with newcomer youth and women.
5726	Parliament has heard that around 20 officers have been denied security clearance.
5727	Parra’s weight class, 135, featured 47 girls from across the state.
5728	Participants will be making a melon basket, which, according to Jefferson County Naturalist Therese Cummiskey, is a great basket for beginners, although participants do not have to be a beginner to attend the class.
5729	Participation in the Cascade Angel Fund is by referral and invitation only.
5730	Parti Harapan Rakyat Sabah president Lajim Ukin said the system, which was used during the British colonial era, will be implemented within 100 days of the Gabungan administration if the pact wins in the 14th general election (GE14).
5731	Partly cloudy, with a low around 19. South southwest wind 5 to 7 mph.
5732	Partly sunny, with a high near 81. Calm wind.
5733	Part of its Guest Artist collection, this graphic, designed for pro-rider Youness Amrani, is one of a series of decks for some of the most legendary names in skateboarding including Rodney Mullen and Daewon Song.
5734	Part of Sullivan’s legacy is encouraging others who suffer in silence to speak out.
5735	Part of the $10 m went towards the designs and legwork Petra’s firm had done.
5736	Part of the Bach to Barber Paul Nelson Chamber Music Series.
5737	Part of the mountain collapsed at around 3:50 a.m. Wednesday, with an area about 200 meters in width and 100 meters in height sliding down and burying the houses, police said.
5738	Part of your health program may include pre-weaning vaccines that can be administered well in advance of weaning day to boost immunity.
5739	Parts of the scientific community have spent years analyzing the effect of sound on plants, and some moms-to-be believe playing classical music to their unborn child makes it smarter.
5740	Parvez says, “It is important for the consumers to check where the produce comes from and to verify sources.
5741	Past research had shown weight loss can ease a-fib symptoms and keep episodes from recurring, but the new study is the first to show it can also reverse the course of the disease.
5742	Patrick Brown is a candidate for the Ontario PC Party leadership he gave up just four weeks ago.
5743	Patrick Curran it should be remembered is a player that won man-of-the match award in both Minor and Under-21 Final victories.
5744	Patrick grew a 25cm beard to hide his mouth and said his four children were embarrassed about the way he looked.
5745	Patrick Kennedy, who lives on Parker Street (not to be confused with Patrick Kennedy, the developer) said it could be an asset.
5746	‘Patti,’ he drawled, ‘you got famous before me.’
5747	“Paying for College Without Going Broke,” Kalman A. Chany.
5748	Pay it Forward Week was organized by Connaught School Council – a parent-led volunteer group – in collaboration with school staff.
5749	PBMs are middleman companies hired by insurers to negotiate pharmaceutical prices with drug manufacturers and handle pharmacy claims.
5750	PCWorld's guide on how to pick the perfect PC case explains everything you want in a chassis (and cites the Corsair 570X as a superb high-end case option).
5751	PCZ registers pharmacists, develops standards, codes and guidelines for the pharmacy profession and also handles notifications, complaints, investigations and disciplinary hearings.
5752	PELOSI: That’s just not true.
5753	Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd has a one year low of $12.00 and a one year high of $14.32.
5754	People are either paranoid, or, hear it goes, racist?
5755	"People are going to say, 'Why didn't I get in?
5756	People are growing increasingly dependent on their mobile phones, tablets and other portable devices that help them navigate daily life.
5757	People can treat most earwax blockages at home.
5758	People commenting on the video posted by Graham’s wife Pie on Saturday offered messages of condolences to Pie and their son Fam.
5759	“People don’t do that anymore.”
5760	“People don’t know about the waterfront life that goes on in front of the condo towers in Mimico.
5761	People face less discrimination when they are not "carrying all their worldly belongings on their backs," Mollison said, and can move around to medical appointments, social service suppliers and job interviews more easily.
5762	People had stopped coming to our home because my mother was too scared to let anybody in and all that remained were traces of a life that no longer existed”.
5763	People have age limits for a reason, they know what they like and are comfortable with.
5764	People have already taken to the streets and vandalised cinema halls in Bihar, while BJP MLA Raja Singh from Hyderabad has asked everyone to protest the screening of the movie in the state, according to a report in NewsMinute.
5765	“People have asked me whether dancing hasn’t negatively affected her studies, but it has actually done the opposite,” Renee told Express.
5766	“People in Lochee have never been backward in coming forward so it would be great if we could get something like this.
5767	People in neighborhoods that never see police shootings may take a different view, believing that police officers do their best for the worst.
5768	"People looked at us — their eyes were like little blueberries in their faces," Pinkola Estes remembers.
5769	People look to you as a feminist icon, but have you felt yourself having to educate the men in your life?
5770	People miss class.
5771	People seem to have different theories of change.
5772	“People think legal service is legal aid.
5773	“People think that if someone wants to commit suicide, they will do it, whether they have access to a gun or not,” Lefkowitz said.
5774	People told us not to bring out skeletons from the closet.
5775	People were shocked at what I had been put through.
5776	People who have benefited so much from PDP are the ones protesting, when it doesnt favor them today.
5777	People who make purchases using their SBI credit card during the sale can avail 10 per cent instant discount.
5778	People who speak up are shouted down, stigmatised and victimised.
5779	PEORIA — A little piece of Ireland joined the river city Saturday as the Peoria Irish Fest, formerly known as Erin Feis, spread out beneath the Murray Baker Bridge.
5780	PERALTA: She says, over the past couple of years, there have been lots of cases of men raping girls, some as young as 5. They pay a little money, and life goes on, but the girl's future ends there.
5781	Perez said that the conference title will be on the line and that the pressure is on them to execute.
5782	Performances on Saturday will take place at 12:30, 1:30 and 4 p.m. Sunday there will be performances at 1, 2:30 and 4 p.m.
5783	Perhaps, one day the hashtag will fade.
5784	Perhaps the time has come for more parents to think twice about leaving their kids in a warm vehicle.
5785	Perhaps you will consider creating a group of friends that meets together, shares knowledge, interest, food, cooking, creating together.
5786	Perkins spent Saturday night in a local hospital after injuring his left leg on a kickoff in the first quarter.
5787	Permanent locations lead to permanent good process,” said Thiessen during the meeting.
5788	Perpetrators may use emotional coercion, psychological force, or manipulation to coerce a victim into non-consensual sex.”
5789	Perpetrators would be fined between €90 and €350 (£79 to £308).
5790	Perry Coppins, 61, had prescription anti-anxiety medicine, which is legal in the United Arab Emirates, but was held after being stopped by customs officers.
5791	Personally - and it seems like Hunter agrees - I hope the market decides they’re okay with having four women’s matches on every WWE PPV card.
5792	Personally, I try to practice uncommon courtesy.
5793	“Pests of Landscape Trees and Shrubs, An Integrated Pest Management Guide” comes from the University of California Agriculture and Natural Resources (UC ANR).
5794	PETBABA Short Dog Leash, 2ft Adjustable Lead with Soft Padded…
5795	Peter is back in high school as they take the concept back to basics.
5796	Peter Maurer, president of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), interacts with Rohingya children during his visit to a refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, Sunday.
5797	Peter Navarro also defended Trump by citing his win in the 2016 GOP primary.
5798	Pharaohs’ final group game takes place on June 25 against fellow Arab nation, Saudi Arabia, which they have met in six FIFA-sanctioned matches.
5799	Philippe Loret's saliva will be matched with genetic material from pieces of skull and jaw bone reportedly belonging to the Nazi leader and held in a vault by the former KGB in Moscow.
5800	PHOENIX (AP) — Authorities have identified a teenage boy who was fatally shot during a drug-related shooting in Phoenix and also arrested a suspect.
5801	Photo by: Mark HaskellBelfast varsity baseball coach George Ross, facing, makes a point to his players during a preseason practice.
5802	Pick the GT S and you’ll get more power, plus an adaptive sports suspension and staggered 19-inch front and 20-inch rear alloy wheels.
5803	Pictured at the Grand Auditorium’s April 28 screening are, from left, Josh Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen, Elaine Landry, Terry Bregy and Mariah Klapatch.
5804	Pictured is Chief Probational Officer of the Juvenile Court, Dawn McQuown, who said the colorful tree brightens the day of every juvenile who goes through their doors.
5805	Pierce admitted the process of creating an outfit out of condoms was incredibly difficult but said he always gravitates toward and enjoys challenges.
5806	Pike were found in the bag, along with some pan fish.
5807	"Pinball bridges gaps with all generations.
5808	Pitino was forced to resign by the University before the 2017-2018 season started.
5809	PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — A grand jury report investigating sexual abuse within the Catholic Church in Pennsylvania is expected to soon be released.
5810	PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – The holidays can get expensive with the gifts, parties and entertainment.
5811	Place a 16:9 phone like the iPhone SE next to an 18:9 one and it appears dated.
5812	Place the lamb shoulder in a large roasting tin, at least 5 cm deep.
5813	Planning for Blackwell Hall began in 2015 as part of a campus effort to help alleviate student housing shortages.
5814	Playing a crucial role to mitigate climate change and other environmental challenges faced across the globe, India will now increase its commitment from $12 million to $15 million to the foundation's new four-year investment cycle, known as GEF-7.
5815	Playing in the NWHL, the two-time league champion is a transgender man and was one of the National Women’s Hockey League’s best forwards.
5816	Playing the Citizens has become over the past two seasons an exercise in damage limitation.
5817	Please don’t discuss moderation in the comments.
5818	Please ensure your check is made out to: “Boosters/SK8 Park”
5819	Please help" - áll a kartonpapundeklin, amely mögött apja dalait játsza New Jersey utcáin.
5820	“Please, please, please stop posting photos on social media,” she says.
5821	Please vote purple and you might get what you want, voting Red is just a great way of having your bank account raided and having the country forced to apply for an IMF bail-out!
5822	Plenty of people did, because the Introverts New Year's Eve at BookBar was a sellout.
5823	Plus, since the 1-2 credit class is online, you won’t even need to leave your bed to learn.
5824	Plus, the trade war between the United States and China could hurt India’s economy.
5825	“Police Chief Brian Scott Martin has been placed on leave pending investigation,” Renz said.
5826	Police Chief David G. Majenski, reached Tuesday evening, sharply rebuked the criticism, saying they "painted a false light" and noting that he had not been formally invited to the meeting.
5827	Police could not attend due to overwhelming needs in Byron Bay.
5828	Police found the couple searching for the child, but they had not called to report him missing.
5829	Police have been searching the river near Zhongzheng Bridge, near where Sanjay’s body was found.
5830	Police have found 17 children’s drawings confiscated from a school art exhibition in Yekaterinburg, Russia, don’t breach national homosexual propaganda laws.
5831	Police have one version.
5832	Police have seized 273 bottles of foreign liquor containing 180 ml each, 94 bottles of liquor containing 500 ml each and 35 bottles of liquor containing 650 ml each.
5833	Police in Colonie say 51-year-old Thomas Caulfield attacked his wife around 4:30 p.m. Thursday at the salon.
5834	Police initially reported Adams was struck by crossfire, but Monday night, the Norfolk DA’s office said Lopes intentionally shot her.
5835	Police issued a warning to parents to be vigilant of their children.
5836	"Police made the animal feel at home for a bit inside the department's dog kennels until" the next morning when everyone enjoyed a massive ham, bacon, pork chops, pork fritters, chitlins breakfast.
5837	Police officers had to intervene in order to control the situation, Ada Derana Reporter said.
5838	Police Public Relations Officer in Adamawa State, Othman Abubakar, when contacted said he was yet to be informed about the attack.
5839	Police raided the squalid New Mexico compound on Friday, hoping to find Abdul-Ghani.
5840	Police said a 15-year old is believed to be the shooter and has been charged with attempted murder as well as a number of robbery and firearm charges.
5841	Police said their investigation found the three families knew each other and came together on Sundays to study and recite the Quran.
5842	Police said they chose to pay tribute to Boston Celtics legend Red Auerbach because he was the first NBA coach to draft a black player.
5843	Police said they “seized more than 40 motherboards from the illegal machines as well as thousands of dollars in cash” during their Wednesday night raid.
5844	Police say a man wearing a dark-coloured hoodie entered the fast food outlet brandishing a firearm.
5845	Police say a weapon was used in the homicide, but it was not a firearm.
5846	Police say he was in the apartment at the time of the alleged assaults.
5847	Police say Martinez was arrested on charges including battery and obstruction.
5848	Police say no one is in custody in connection to the shooting as of Saturday afternoon.
5849	Police say the graffiti appears to have been done overnight.
5850	Police say the theft took place at a home improvement store near N.W. 39th St. and N. May Ave.
5851	Police seized a grenade, a rifle and knives in the operation, Heitz said, and began guarding the apartment building.
5852	Police then spoke with Sidney Strain who told policce the marijuana did not belong to him, and that it belonged to Naqawn.
5853	“Police tracked Sharma’s phone and found that it was also active in the same locations as the numbers used to make the ransom calls,” said a police officer.
5854	Police units evacuated the building and positioned themselves along California Avenue between Willow and 28th streets.
5855	Police used K9s to track Latanowich before the trail went cold.
5856	Police were also present at the scene and sent the girl to Sibu Hospital for treatment.
5857	Police were called to 1040 NE Wabash on the report of a domestic dispute around 9:15 Saturday night.
5858	Politicians, officials and analysts around the world have had strong responses to the increasingly protectionist moves taken by the United States.
5859	Politicians tell us basics, like roads, cost extra, to “force” us to vote for higher taxes and debt.
5860	Politics should play no role in seeking solutions to the many ills at our prison.
5861	PolitiFact will soon announce our Lie of the Year — the most significant falsehood of 2018.
5862	Pollen expert Shenagh Hume told Sky News that sometimes people mistake hay fever for a spring cold.
5863	‘Polly’s long fluffy mane did this fantastic choreography on her head while shaking.
5864	Pompeo laid out the strategy behind the sanctions in his first major address as secretary of state.
5865	Poole is capable of heating up in a hurry which is why his nickname is “The Microwave”.
5866	Poor design and messy visual elements can detract or distract from an otherwise informative presentation.
5867	Poor, single parent mothers and men looking for work are being denied access during the times they can use the Workforce Center “Unfriendly” Center.
5868	Pope Leo X, fed up with Leonardo’s delays, is supposed to have declared: “This man will accomplish nothing.”
5869	Porter decided to leave before the police arrived.
5870	Porter leaves behind a large family of children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, brothers, nieces, nephews and cousins.
5871	Portland’s offense was silent for the next three innings before coming alive again in the sixth.
5872	Portuguese explorer Fernando Poo travelled along the river Wouri in 1472, finding an abundance of shrimp along the way.
5873	Position a light mech poorly even once and you could be staring at a massive bill.
5874	Possess marijuana – Chrystofer J. Carson, Columbus, dismissed, due to plea to companion case, $28 costs.
5875	Possible ways to resolve concerns about Murdoch's influence in Britain could include spinning off or divesting Sky News, or insulating Sky News from Fox's influence, the CMA said.
5876	Possibly not your fault Mr Reporter as you need to please your paymaster but in your heart you know the truth.
5877	Posted on November 1, 2018.
5878	Pour out Your prophetic presence on this generation and fulfill the promises of Joel for the honor of Your great name.
5879	Pregnant women can consume caffeine in limited amounts.
5880	Presented by members of the Madison-based Association of Church Musicians and Madison Chapter American Guild of Organists.
5881	Preserving the library, honoring its purpose, making it better as America evolves, are efforts worthy of my time and yours.
5882	President Barack Obama greets Richard Overton, with Earlene Love-Karo, in the Blue Room of the White House on Nov. 11, 2013, when he was 107.
5883	President Buhari on Monday paid a visit to Taraba state following the fresh ethnic clashes that occured in the Mabilla Plateau area of the state last weekend.
5884	President Buhari said he sympathized with the families of victims, residents of Offa, the Government and people of Kwara State, on Thursday’s violent robbery attack.
5885	President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have set a date for their summit to discuss nuclear proliferation -- June 12 in Singapore.
5886	President Donald Trump recently met with a group of Black and Latino pastors about prison reform issues.
5887	President Kenyatta also retained six cabinet ministers who served in Cabinet through his first term.
5888	President Muhammadu Buhari met with Nigerian High Commission to United Kingdom Amb.
5889	President Obama, President Bush, President Clinton — they don’t want to know that the NSA was dragnet snooping on virtually all Americans, a clear violation of the Fourth Amendment, as well as the FISA Act.
5890	President of Swami Vivekanand Education Society said Chabra had been appointed principal around four years ago, after 20 years in service.
5891	President Rouhani and Mayor Afshani also discussed other issues, such as public areas, the environment, waste management, rail transportation, protecting gardens and municipality’s financial resources.
5892	President Trump called Sinclair "far superior" to other media companies and mocked those who "criticize Sinclair for being biased."
5893	President, what you call "political" are actually called facts, and your concern for sources and methods would be more convincing if you hadn't decided to release the GOP memo ("100%") before reading it and over the objections of the FBI."
5894	President Xi and his host Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte lavished praise on their “milestone” get-together, and agreed to elevate their relationship to “one of comprehensive strategic cooperation.”
5895	Pressures intensified today after it emerged Jeremy Hunt warned at Cabinet last week that the Irish border backstop had become a 'Turkey trap' that could tie the UK down for decades.
5896	Primate Elijah Ayodele of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Oke Afa, Isolo, Lagos, has predicted how the Peoples Democratic Party,PDP can emerge as the winner of the 2019 election.
5897	“Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks a lot through his Mann ki Baat programmes but has not been effective because we need kaam ki baat,” CM Siddaramaiah said.
5898	Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan shouldn’t have been surprised by the public uproar over the latter’s luxury wristwatches.
5899	Prince Ermias was chosen to lead the council in 1997.
5900	Prince William is going to be the King of England one day, so why not start his rule now?
5901	Principal Judge Yorokamu Bamwine has begged the the public not to offer bribes to magistrates and other judicial officials.
5902	Prior to joining Lenovo, Stevenson spent six months as COO of Intel’s IoT and Systems Architecture Group and four years as the chipmaker’s CIO before that.
5903	Prior to this month’s Quebec election, three of the four parties in the National Assembly including the victorious Coalition Avenir Québec pledged to replace the first-past-the-post system in time for the province’s 2022 campaign.
5904	"Private First Class Levi Goss, an All American Paratrooper, is in civilian confinement.
5905	Private investors have invested $22 million in Eden Green Technology and its expansion.
5906	“Private owners might say, ‘Well, I bought it 30 years ago and I had no clue that it was a stolen piece,’ or, ‘It was in the will of my grandfather and I received it as a gift.’
5907	Prize Winners must acknowledge notification by replying to the email notification or calling (215) 883-3350.
5908	Probably best not to screw him up to be honest with you.
5909	Prodairy, a subsidiary of PRObrands, partnered foreign private equity firm Subsahara Capital and Sean Webster, a consultant, last month to boost its Mafuro Farming project.
5910	Produced by Chopstix, "Familiar" sees Nissi bringing together a blend of r&b and afrobeat laced with fun, positive, and uplifting lyrics.
5911	Products specifically marketed to either men or women remain on store shelves, but customers are fighting back and companies are responding.
5912	“Professional stargazers have long been searching for such an event,” said Filippenko, who followed up from the Lick Observatory near San Jose, California.
5913	Professor Amisah was addressing the 4th Session of the 52nd congregation ceremony of KNUST in Kumasi.
5914	Professor M.S. Swaminathan also emphasised the need for nutrition security.
5915	Programming takes skill, experience, and a particular mindset.
5916	“Property tax relief and reform is still high on the minds of our members, and our delegates will further discuss what they would like to see done in that area,” said Nelson.
5917	Propose something more realistic.
5918	Prorate that to 16 games, and they’re 13-3 with a 161 point differential, which is one point shy of the Eagles actual 2017 season.
5919	Prosecuting, Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Ebenezer Anim Ofori, told the presiding judge, Mr Eric Baah Boateng, that the complainant, is the victim's mother and she resides in the same compound house at Akuoboi, near Enchi with the accused person.
5920	Prosecutors previously said Kline lived at the apartment where the alleged assault took place, but Ost said he believed Kline lived in DuPage County.
5921	Prosecutors revealed the immunity deal with the publisher of American Media Inc.
5922	Prosecutors say Atesiano instructed three officers, who have previously pleaded guilty to false arrest charges, to apprehend and charge individuals without legal basis to maintain a fictitious 100 percent clearance rate of reported burglaries.
5923	Prosecutors say the officers, 26 year old Stephen Heid and 28 year old Ronald Cadez, were engaged in a high-speed chase last October.
5924	Protesters have demanded justice in the shooting and killing of 21-year-old Emantic Fitzgerald "E.
5925	“Protest is legitimate…” the woman said in an apparent reference to the comment by the man who continued speaking about having come to hear the prime minister.
5926	PROTIP: The site lists the exact amenities of the hotel you’re choosing and the Westin is the only 4-star resort that is also pet-friendly so I always know I’m going to get the Westin.
5927	Proud of her background; to Veera, being an Indian woman means “To be a person of top integrity and good principles.”
5928	Proverbs tells us that "where there is no vision, the people perish" (Prov. 29:18)—they stumble in the darkness of despair.
5929	PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A grand jury indictment unsealed Monday accuses a Republican state senator of extorting sex from a page in the Senate's page program.
5930	Province says ridership steadily increasing after BC Bus North launch - Energeticcity.caLooking for Employees?
5931	Proving once again horizontal stripes ain’t all that slimming.
5932	Provost Skene’s House delayed until 2019 as work ‘almost has to start again’
5933	PSU also passed the ball and used the outside more with 14 assists and grabbing the ball of the backboard 40 times.
5934	Ps will vote on the final plans in November when Labour and the SNP are expected to vote against the changes.
5935	Public dissatisfaction has mounted ever since and was plain in two recent regional elections.
5936	Public engagement and awareness and dialogue are important to make government policies acceptable.
5937	Published at 4:04pm 7th November 2018.
5938	Published by Chronicle Books, 2018.
5939	Published in November 2017, The Dawn Watch has been described as part biography, part history, part travelogue.
5940	Publishing the first and third Tuesday of each month, The Courier ‘Ask the Experts’ advice column features local ‘Experts’ answering frequently asked questions related to their area of expertise.
5941	Pufpaff made five saves in the loss.
5942	Puigdemont is wanted by Spain on charges of “rebellion” and “sedition”.
5943	Punk has had enough and he bails along with Serena.
5944	PUP Leader, John Briceno indicated yesterday that a press briefing to address the matters will be held next week.
5945	Pushing at the boundaries of who we are, to bring the tale in better line with who we would like to be, is part of the project of modern self-making.
5946	Putin already sez so and he is the acting POTUS.
5947	Putin is determined that emerges from the process as the undisputed power broker.
5948	Putin said that Russia did not plan to attack anyone however.
5949	Putin was first elected to the Kremlin in 2000, and again four years later.
5950	Putt told the caller he does not recall making the child do anything to him.
5951	Pzena Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) by 1.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
5952	QS World Top Universities rankings, the U of A is now ranked 109 out of 1,000 global post-secondary institutions in 2019, slipping 19 places from where it was last year.
5953	Quantic Dream then sued the publication and website Mediapart for their reporting based around the images and the developer's workplace culture.
5954	Quavo’s solo album could potentially feature Drake, 21 Savage, Kid Cudi, Travis Scott, Lil Baby, Cardi B, Offset, Takeoff, Davido and Saweetie pic.
5955	Queen’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” is their usual encore and they do that very well.
5956	Question is will the Bengals have a RB that’s healthy this week.
5957	Quezada was excited to share the moment with her friends on Snapchat.
5958	Quick allowed an early goal to Mikko Rantanen and was stellar after that in a game that had a playoff feel.
5959	Quintero says he’s heartened to see more whistleblowers come forward.
5960	Quite constructive ideas from MP Mashakada, but things get so confused when Biti brings in unsubstantiated political claims!
5961	Q. Was there a thought to break a stereotype with your character in the film?
5962	Rabbi Gabi and Rivky Holtzberg, the founders and co-directors of the Jewish Centre in Mumbai, were murdered in cold blood, along with four fellow Jews, at the Chabad-Lubavitch Centre in Nariman House.
5963	Race 3 song Heeriye updates The Salman Khan and Jacqueline Fernandez starrer will hit screens on June 15.Jacqueline Fernandez starrer Race 3 has been garnering a lot of love from the audience.
5964	Race T-shirts and goodie bags are given to all entrants and, after completing the race, participants receive a breakfast pack.
5965	Rachel is doing better, and she feels indebted to the people who supported her over the holidays.
5966	Rachel Maddow thanks Joy Reid for her help filling in as TRMS guest-host over the holiday break.
5967	Rachel Notley is barely clinging to Albertan support, staying true to her party’s centre-left values while running one of the most conservative provinces in the country.
5968	Radan points out the Liberals pushed the federal government to improve the Canada Pension Plan by starting up a plan of its own.
5969	RAFA BENITEZ reckons Jamaal Lascelles is just as good as £50million-rated Manchester City target Harry Maguire — and can push for a World Cup place.
5970	‘Rafale deal is ‘largest defence scam’ in India’
5971	'Raising Dion' will hit the streaming service next year.
5972	“Raising tuition is always a last resort and one we take very seriously,” Napolitano said in a press release.
5973	Rajasthan elections: Congress govt in state will lead to friction with the Centre, says Modihttps://indianexpress.
5974	Rajiv Jalan, professor of hepatology at University College London, said that among the key issues was the age of consumption, with almost 44% of 15-19 year olds in European region being active drinkers.
5975	Ramirez, who was a student at the Princess Margaret School, was shot in the head while at her aunt’s home in Grays Farm with the convicted killer and another youth.
5976	Ramos has had a longstanding feud with the newspaper, including filing a defamation suit against the paper in 2012.
5977	Ramsey can’t carry Sherman’s brief case in this regard, so it looks like he is over-rated.
5978	Ranallo says this is “driving Cross crazy”, isn’t she already crazy?
5979	Ranck said that special bond players develop with each other also happens with the coaches.
5980	Rapid development of the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) industry is one of the key driver expected to boost growth of the global PET preforms market.
5981	Raptors 905 Check-In III: Champs hitting their stride - Sportsnet.caRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
5982	Rather than recruit trained voice actors to record vocalizations, Robitaille told the film’s dialogue and A.D.R. supervisor, that he wanted to “take a crack” at voicing the creature himself.
5983	Rauner says enacting pension changes would mean “a nearly $1 billion tax cut” that would allow him to “start rolling back” the rate hike.
5984	Ray allowed Gresham to tag in Lethal, who avoided a dropkick from Ray heading into a break.
5985	Ray’s husband, Brad, discovered Harp had committed suicide in the garage.
5986	Reached by phone on Tuesday, Majority Leader Barbara Flynn Currie, Madigan’s top female lieutenant, said she had “nothing to add,” about the latest calls for a special investigation.
5987	Readers are also financially supporting these newspapers since they often require a paid subscription to read.
5988	Read the full speech below…
5989	Really captures the fire and fury.
5990	“Real Madrid have had to come through many tests and the club always recovers after falling.
5991	Real stunned in huge CL upset, legendary CSKA keeper dismissed!
5992	Re: Baker Does It Again: Week 14 Winners and Losershttps://uploads.
5993	Reba McEntire brought George W. Bush to tears when she sang at his father's Houston funeral on Thursday just moments after fellow country music stars The Oak Ridge Boys also performed for their friend.
5994	Receive News & Ratings for Aramark Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aramark and related companies with MarketBeat.
5995	Receive News & Ratings for ARC Document Solutions Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ARC Document Solutions and related companies with MarketBeat.
5996	Recently released political ads reveal the Republican Party’s two-pronged election strategy: one message for skeptics and swing voters, and a very different one aimed at President Donald Trump’s base.
5997	Recently retired Judge Leo Kunman has pointed out that there is a lack of oversight of the Office of the Prosecutor General.
5998	Recent research carried out by us found that nearly half (42 per cent) of new mothers’ mental health problems did not get picked up by a doctor or other health professionals.
5999	Records indicate the first time he was arrested for in June of 2015 for theft and illegal possession of an alcoholic beverage.
6000	Recounting the story of a Salvadorean man who was hit with a machete 23 times by Honduran police isn’t typical rock ‘n’ roll pep-talk material.
6001	Redmayne has now addressed the whole issue, saying the film is not trying to hide anything.
6002	Reduce your speed and watch for children in the road.
6003	Reed tried to keep his spirits up.
6004	Reflect as far as 1994, what you were like, what you stood for and against compare that to your actions of today.
6005	Refreshments, including coffee, punch, bars and cookies, will be served after the speaker finishes his presentation.
6006	Regarding misconceptions about tech: Honestly, most of the stuff you hear is probably a little true.
6007	Regarding the photo of Kemp’s Corner Flyover, I spoke with Hon’ble Municipal Commissioner.
6008	Regardless, can Chapman and Craig continue to make a living?
6009	Reid believes that he can achieve playoff success deeper than last years’ girls team.
6010	Reid obstructs a quick free-kick and the referee annoys the Man City players by just letting him move away from the ball without a booking, like you'd expect in a Premier League game.
6011	Reinforcing fair play in international sporting bodies, by…
6012	Relationship Talk With Bukky We've been on break for 4 months; am I still in a relationship?
6013	Released later in the year, returns to his parents' home in Weymouth.
6014	Reliance Jio vs Airtel vs Vodafone: Prepaid plans with 2GB daily data comparedhttps://indianexpress.
6015	Remaining true to yourself is the best approach you could ever take.
6016	Remember that Narine, unlike the Patriots’ Evin Lewis, for example, earns his place in the XI as a specialist off-spinner.
6017	"Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!"
6018	Remember the Trump policy is arbitrary and we should choose a better solution, and it starts with making your opinion heard.
6019	Renault looked to be the fourth quickest car in Friday on both short and long-run pace.
6020	Renowned for its Cú Chulainn roller coaster, the only such wooden structure in Ireland, the park was the sixth most popular paid-for visitor attraction in the country in 2015.
6021	Repairs will take weeks.
6022	Repeatedly, Zanu PF has proved them wrong.
6023	Replacing the departed Rep. Diane Mitsch Bush as chairwoman of the Transportation & Energy Committee is Rep. Faith Winter, D-Westminster, who had been vice chairwoman.
6024	Reports have surfaced that Jordanian-backed talks are underway between the Russian-backed Syria regime forces and the rebel factions in Syria’s southern province of Deraa.
6025	Representatives from accounting firm Grant Thornton will also be in Labrador to present findings from an investigative forensic audit into the decision to sanction the project.
6026	Representatives from the St. Croix County American Legion presented a $800 donation to the Backpack Program at Viking Middle School.
6027	Representing rest of the UK: It's a strong competition this year as the was the heart of Hull's year as the city of culture and the Glasgow Women's Library would be a deserving winner as the only accredited UK museum dedicated to women's lives.
6028	Republican, Democratic and Independent members of both the State House and the State Senate vie for the Unclaimed Property Performers of the Year award presented by State Treasurer Terry Hayes.
6029	"Republican denies saying things that what he was recorded saying.
6030	Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, a former federal prosecutor, is among the bill’s champions.
6031	RERA, for example, is intended to instil financial discipline and improve transparency in the real estate sector.
6032	Rescuing her from Dormammu’s clutches, she became not only an ally, but Strange’s life partner.
6033	Researchers from the University of California, Davis, and the California Academy of Sciences tested 10 northern spotted owls found dead in the region.
6034	Researchers urge people to reconsider meat and dairy consumption.
6035	Research for the novel included reading Norman Clothier’s very useful Black Valour: The South African Native Labour Contingent, the only book, as far as I have been able to ascertain, that focuses entirely on the labour contingent.
6036	Research is the very important measure which would enable an incredibly undergraduate to consider the most beneficial online business from lots of products around the world.
6037	Residents must therefore satisfy themselves that the operational management of the development, once complete, will be carried out professionally.”
6038	Residents of this town reached out with so many comments on our Facebook page for “can’t miss” places to eat and things to see around Southbury.
6039	Responding to a Times of Israel query on behalf of Greenblatt in April, a White House official said the proposal was “interesting,” but said the US does not yet have an informed position on it.
6040	Responding to the claims, the Times's international editor, Michael Slackman, said: "Our story was a deeply reported, consequential piece of journalism, and we stand fully behind it.
6041	"Rest assured, we will be working on enhancing the data that you see in Upgrade Readiness as new information becomes available."
6042	Rest in peace to the three transgender women who were senselessly murdered.
6043	Restrictions on the number of TV or radio stations any one entity can own will further prevent reactionary businessmen pushing pro-Trump propaganda throughout the nation.
6044	Results from forage analysis aren’t just for ration formulations.
6045	“Returning to the PDP, he harbors dreams of the presidency but Tambuwal’s ambition will dwarf Saraki’s when the two collide”, Tinubu had written in a widely circulated press statement.
6046	“Revelations talks about the returning Christ ruling with the rod of iron.”
6047	Revenue rose two per cent to $623.2 million as seven per cent growth in its sports segment offset a more modest decline in sales in its home and juvenile segments.
6048	Reviews are being embargoed until the night before, probably because some key characters die but … we’ll find out soon!
6049	Review Times » Do you know the signs of heroin/opioid use?
6050	Rewording The Brain: How Cryptic Crosswords Can Improve Your Memory and Boost the Power and Agility of Your Brain is published by Allen & Unwin.
6051	Rey’s lightsaber vision gets some new layers.
6052	RHD was once common throughout Australia – as recently as the 1950s, entire wards were devoted to the care of children with the disease in Sydney and Melbourne.
6053	Rhett Zeglen finished two strokes behind Moffett with a 41 to earn runner-up honors.
6054	Rhodes said the tentative timeline for the MOA is the completion of the draft proposal in late December, with signing to occur before June 2019.
6055	Richie Jr. discussed the filming process and how the TV network noticed Richie’s when food bloggers started sharing photos of the shop’s food on social media.
6056	Rick gives them his word.
6057	Rickman’s Custom Meat Processing, LLC came about in May, 2018, when now-owner Eddie Rickman purchased the business from close, family friend Shorty Porter, whom he’d worked 10 years for.
6058	Riders take part in a traditional horse show in Ibra, Oman.
6059	RIDOT says its contractor plans to test the system for about a month.
6060	Riemers said he hopes "to find 53 votes" and his petition to the court is an opportunity to examine the election process, given what he says were 2,000 ballots "tossed out" due to crossover voting in the primary.
6061	Rifleman 2nd Battalion The Rifle Brigade 8th Division Died of influenza in Halle, Belgium after the Armistice 16 February 1919.
6062	Right fielder Mitch Haniger has been a popular name on the rumor mill since the December 3 Cano trade, and rightfully so after he posted a with 38 doubles, 26 home runs and 93 RBI for 6.1 WAR in a breakout season.
6063	Right now it sits in my back yard waiting for me to replace the brake line so it can pass inspection and become useful again.
6064	“Right now, there’s going to be a lot of appropriations dollars being sent to school districts without a lot of oversight,” said Curtis S. Lavarello, executive director of the School Safety Advocacy Council.
6065	“Right now, we want to do what we can to treat each game and each day separate.
6066	Rights violations in the peasant and indigenous peoples’ communities in Northern Luzon, especially in the Cagayan Valley, and the continuing struggles of Martial Law victims highlighted the stories on the defense and advancement of human rights.
6067	Right, the movie has a very tactile look.
6068	Riley Bullough tweeted, “ehh. honestly those who stay there prolly wont be champions but hey ~~~.”
6069	Ring Energy holds the No. 4 rank among its peers in the Oil&Gas-U.
6070	RIP to another legend.
6071	Ri said North Korea had made goodwill gestures, including a moratorium on nuclear tests and rocket launches and the dismantling of a nuclear test ground.
6072	Rising violence has exacerbated feelings of disenchantment with the political class.
6073	Risks aside, another factor for many families is the financial cost, which can be prohibitive even at the quarter-midget level.
6074	Rivers State Education Commissioner, Dr Taminosisi Gogo-Jaja said that new facilities such as administrative block, modern classrooms, laboratories, hostels and staff quarters would be built as part of the reconstruction efforts of the government.
6075	Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has raised an alarm of plans to assassinate him.
6076	Rizzo walked three times.
6077	Road being closed and bus passengers being evacuated.
6078	Roads into the town of about 1,500 people remained submerged Friday, forcing the retreat of a county ambulance truck and an electricity company repair vehicle that tried to enter from the east and west along the town's main road.
6079	Robert Lester, Jr., 26, and Catherine Neal, 24, have each been charged with 2nd Degree Arson, 2nd Degree Burglary, and Criminal Conspiracy.
6080	Roberts urges people to pay attention to where they park their vehicles and be sure not to leave their keys or valuables inside.
6081	Rob Porter, left, on Monday.
6082	Romance and reality come face to face in this new series where couples try to convince disapproving families and friends that their chosen ones are, in fact, the right ones for them.
6083	Roman explained that later this year he will be an independent “Referendar” in a German school for eighteen months as opposed to the customary ten-week period most American student teachers spend in their cooperating teachers’ classrooms.
6084	Roode/Gable vs. The Revival should make for some good matches.
6085	Rossi said he doesn’t know whether to expect another short-term budget extension this time, but he doesn’t see Congress coming up with long-term solutions anytime soon.
6086	Ross said police arrested the men after they refused three requests to leave.
6087	Ross said the goal is for the U.S. to be the “flag of choice” for businesses working in space.
6088	Rotterdam police officers will not "specially go onto the street" to enforce the ban.
6089	Roughly 100,000 people from around the world are expected to arrive in Windsor for the occasion.
6090	Round watch faces look fuller now, thanks to the larger screen and minimal bezels.
6091	Route 119 was closed around 1 a.m. between McKown’s Creek and Ambler Ridge in Roane County as a precaution during the search and reopened to traffic before 8 a.m.
6092	Royds Withy King’s in-house IT team used the HighQ platform to create its own bespoke portal.
6093	Run free little woof dog.
6094	Rural Metro Fire said it doesn’t have any reason to believe the fires are connected in any way.
6095	Rushmore, the league leader in the standings outshot the Capitals 47-14 in the game.
6096	Russia invaded eastern Ukraine in 2014, bringing the warm-water region of Crimea under de facto Russian control.
6097	Russian driven Fake News and the Comey letter are two of the three whammies in the title of my paper.
6098	Russians, together with the local Dayak people, were cutting through the forest, putting tremendous effort converting wilderness into the city.
6099	Russia's foreign ministry said London was whipping up anti-Russian hysteria while state TV went further, accusing Britain of poisoning Skripal as part of a special operation designed to spoil Russia's hosting of the soccer World Cup this summer.
6100	Russia's top diplomat says he is encouraged by U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of reducing the U.S. military presence in Syria.
6101	Ruth believed in volunteering; she gave countless hours of her time to various activities in the Episcopal Church, at Mountainside Hospital, as a Girl Scout Leader, as a docent at the Crane House Museum and other activities.
6102	Ruth’s Chris is good.
6103	Sacramento shot 58.1 percent (50 for 86) from the field in its fifth win in six games.
6104	Sadio Mané, third from right, celebrates with his Liverpool team-mates after his late goal sealed victory.
6105	Sadly, most Western feminists have absolutely no idea what systemic oppression actually looks like.
6106	Sadly, that’s not the case at all.
6107	“Sadly, we can also confirm that Sophie had left a note and messages for loved ones, outlining her intentions.
6108	Safety and Security.
6109	Safety on the Kaduna-Abuja road came under intense scrutiny last year when the federal government announced the closure of the capital's only airport for essential runway repairs.
6110	Said beef shows no sign of letting up over the course of Scorpion.
6111	“Saint Francis Healthcare also does not participate in the Leapfrog Hospital Survey, but we do take patient safety very seriously.
6112	Saint-Jacques, 48, said once he’s arrived at the space station he’ll be able to focus on work and life aboard the outpost.
6113	Saint Jo’s press defense proved too much as they established a double digit lead late in the second quarter.
6114	Salmonella can cause serious and possibly fatal infections, especially in young children and the elderly.
6115	Salmon runs in the Norton Sound area are expected to be at least as strong as last year, with the exception of king, or Chinook salmon.
6116	Same applies for the higher handicap; this means the golfer is an amateur.
6117	Same with the MeToo movement, it happened very quickly.
6118	Sami Callihan & oVe vs Pentagon Jr, Fenix & Rich Swann was one of the most action-packed matches of 2018!
6119	Sam Liccardo defended his suggestion that this week's sister city junket was poorly planned and that is underscores a need to impose stricter limitations on taxpayer-funded trips.
6120	Samson was supposed to be a judge as well a man anointed for exceptional strength.
6121	Samsung also suggested that with this update, “low light brightness and SNR (Signal Noise Ration) has been improved.”
6122	Samsung says the Galaxy S9+ will be priced at $839 (or approx Rs 54,303) for the flagship smartphone, though the phone’s price in India could be higher.
6123	Sanctions can hurt the Putin regime as will the president’s decision to send antitank missiles to Ukrainian forces fighting Russian “little green men.”
6124	Sandra Amezcua was in class when Pedro Pizarro, president and CEO of Edison International, walked in with a $40,000 check for Sandra.
6125	SANDTON – Following reports of 14 people that have been hospitalised after smoking a substance, André Snyman of eblockwatch discusses the drug.
6126	San Francisco has decided to provide amnesty for marijuana convictions going back decades in a move that other jurisdictions are following.
6127	SAN FRANCISCO — Uber is still working to stem its losses ahead of going public next year.
6128	Sanjay Poonen, Chief Operating Officer (COO), Customer Operations at VMware told a small group of visiting Indian journalists to “VMWorld 2018” here that “we don’t go into a country with the idea of taking advantage of local laws.
6129	Santa will have zero weather worries zipping through the Carolinas tonight.
6130	Sapp exited the residence and was arrested on the outstanding warrant.
6131	« Sara Bareilles returning to Broadway's "Waitress" on January 7 Maren Morris and Kacey Musgraves lead the country contenders for the 61st Grammys »
6132	Sasha, AJA, Acid Betty, Kimora Blac, Manila Luzon, will discuss the intersection of high fashion and drag art and how their own personal drag and brands have evolved the longer they’ve been doing the damn thing.
6133	SASKATOON — One of the hockey players who was injured in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash is taking his first steps to getting back on the ice.
6134	Saturday, Gore pitched shut out Great Lakes for three innings.
6135	Saturn was a completely different experience.
6136	“Saudi Arabia has recently started deporting our workers.
6137	Saying staff shortages are still at crisis levels, the union representing close to 20,000 workers at residential care facilities across BC is demanding stronger action from the provincial government.
6138	SBA-Office of Inspector General and U.S. Postal Inspection Service conducted the investigation.
6139	’s biggest shot, however, is probably a song called “Shallow,” which has been released online in its entirety ahead of the soundtrack release next week.
6140	’s campaigns have always been wacky, inventive, but rarely too difficult.
6141	Schaefer-Weaton is married to Nate Weaton, who has served as an FBLA chaperone at state conference last year and led a fundraising effort for FBLA nationals last year.
6142	Schauffele had to settle for second place with Rory McIlroy, Justin Rose and Kevin Kisner, all of whom had plenty of reason to hope on a warm, windy afternoon that put plenty of bite back into Carnoustie.
6143	Scheduled and ACS applicants for Abuja will be contacted for rescheduling”
6144	Scheer says he’s happy to have a “strong” parliamentary team to take the lead on files, and he’s in no rush to roll out platform details this far ahead of the election.
6145	Schneider Capital Management Corp increased its holdings in shares of Intevac by 4.1% in the third quarter.
6146	School officials notified the Martin County Sheriff’s office after the threat was found in a school bathroom.
6147	Schools and third-level institutions will be closed in Leinster and Munster, where red warnings will apply, tomorrow and Friday,” the minister said.
6148	Schools are lying to parents of children with additional needs by saying they are full when they are not amid concerns about league table performance, councils have suggested.
6149	Schools are not widget factories, students are not widgets, teachers are not widgets, principals are not widgets.
6150	Schumer wrote on Instagram, alongside a headline covering the story.
6151	Science is not directly involved in improving mankind, but just to understand complicated issues.
6152	Scientists have previously developed coatings with one of the two attributes, but the latest breakthrough marks the first time the abilities have been combined.
6153	Scientists say climate change will bring more of that.
6154	Scored in double figures for the fifth straight game on Wednesday as the Anderson University women’s basketball team suffered a 72-66 loss to Eureka.
6155	Scotland's Katie Archibald clinched the women's individual pursuit title here on a day when Commonwealth Games records fell with regularity at the Anna Meares Velodrome.
6156	Scrape down the sides of the bowl.
6157	Scripture, of course, will transform our minds and guide us into needed change.
6158	Scroll forward 10 years—I completed/achieved my MPH, FRCPC (specialist fellowship designation) and I’ve worked as a Medical Officer of Health in a number of roles.
6159	Sea currents and wind conditions can have large effects on sea ice extent from year to year, but the trend is starkly evident.
6160	Seamus Coleman and Tammy Abraham spurned opportunities for both sides late on as the match ended all square, leaving Swansea five points above the relegation zone with five games remaining.
6161	Sean Timba released in 2013 announce him as an artiste who had grown away from his father’s shadow.
6162	Sears Holdings confirms that the stores in Citrus Heights and Roseville are slated to be closed.
6163	"Sears Holdings continues its strategic assessment of the productivity of our Kmart and Sears store base and will continue to right size our store footprint in number and size," the company said in a statement.
6164	Season 10 might be my favorite season ever!"
6165	Season-ticket equivalencies for 2018 are said to be tracking to 13,000 or 14,000 after bottoming out last season.
6166	Seattle should put Mr. Tomas on Ebay, Used defensive back, lots of miles.
6167	Secondly, the 2013 class might have been one of the best ones in this span.
6168	“Secondly, the opportunity to plug loses due to inherent inadequacies and obsolescence of existing legal provisions and practices would again have been missed.
6169	Second place is awarded to witch house.
6170	Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Musatpha, has said that 2019 will determine the future of the Igbo people in Nigeria.
6171	Secure and controlled, it says that Jerusha is young, full of quicksilver, intelligent, curious, and very much able to find her own way in the world.
6172	Security researchers claim to have unearthed a zero-day vulnerability in Microsoft Edge.
6173	Seeing their daughter getting the award from Governor or CM is a dream for every parent and such occasions motivate the players.”
6174	"Seek help through patience and prayer."
6175	Seek is the time it takes to locate a file or data.
6176	Seek out professional help or financial advice.
6177	Seen are members of Breakthrough City Church together with community activist and founder of Wentworth Angels, Tracey Leigh Williams.
6178	See Zargon’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) as filed on and on www.sedar.com for the periods ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 for a discussion of cash flows from operating activities and funds flow from operating activities.
6179	Seferian-Jenkins, a native of Gig Harbor who played at UW, was to be signing a two-year deal worth up to $11 million with the Jaguars, who earlier in the day also signed free agent tight end Niles Paul.
6180	Selectman James Bush said the town repaired a collapsed manhole and cleaned out the system.
6181	Selena was seen affectionately stroking her beau's face before leaning in for a sweet smooch on the lips.
6182	Senate leader Phil Berger and House Speaker Tim Moore had called on Cooper earlier Wednesday to recuse himself from the legislation and let it become law.
6183	Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell wrote in a statement that he wished Sessions “well and look forward to working with him in any future endeavors.”
6184	Senator Abaribe is not an ordinar Sanator.
6185	Senator Sheldon Whitehouse : “May the prayers and affection of his country, and of friends around the world, surround John and his beloved family in these peaceful final hours.”
6186	Send us your questions for the C.E.O.s of Merck, Stitch Fix and Salesforce for Corner Office.
6187	Senegalese photographer Omar Victor Diop’s taps into art history of the last 400 years to tell a story about the continent’s history as well as its current complexities.
6188	Sen. Hatch, who has demonstrated strong support for the successful renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), appeared agitated during a cable news interview following Thursday’s announcement.
6189	Senior Lindsay Partin impressed by swimming her way into second place in both the 100 and 200 breaststroke (1:09.14 and 2:30.17, respectively).
6190	Senior Marissa Everett returned to the starting line for the first time since her injury against Washington on Sept. 30 and scored both of the Ducks’ goals.
6191	Senior officers would like to commend members of the public and emergency services for their assistance with the rescue operation.
6192	Senior Prophet Justice Hara is one of the famous prophets in Africa who has demonstrated Youth Inclusion in his church, support the youths and pay fees in different universities.
6193	Sen. James Inhofe (R-OK) has been one of Pruitt’s biggest patrons.
6194	Sensationalised headlines work, especially as social media fodder.
6195	Separate from money issues, Jordan will be presented with an only in soapland situation.
6196	Separately, Operation Black Vote launched its latest campaign to increase diversity among MPs with a shadowing scheme for 38 aspiring politicians from ethnic minority backgrounds.
6197	Serap lived a few doors from the monastery and five minutes from Khumjung Secondary School, the first of dozens of schools that Edmund Hillary helped build to repay the Sherpa people for their generosity to him.
6198	Serbia are getting Tadic deeper with Matic helping out on the right now to make sure Ivanovic isn't exposed.
6199	Serendipity Diamonds – Two Wedding Bands from their Titanium or Zirconium range.
6200	Seriously, though, indecisiveness could lose you time,, and even the respect of those around you.
6201	Services constitute Apple’s second-biggest revenue generator, growing 31% to $9.19 billion in revenue last quarter, according to MarketWatch.
6202	Seth took his case online, and collected a total of 459 blankets, easily beating his goal of 100. He delivered them earlier this month, including a special hand-tied Vikings blanket for Chad.
6203	“Set It Up” is a romantic comedy that achieves what many from Hollywood try and fail to do.
6204	Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company.
6205	Seven people were killed on Thursday, eight on Wednesday and today, my husband and father-in-law are all gone,” Esther Even, who lost her husband killed and her father-in-law in an earlier attack on night of Thursday, January 25, told Daily Sun.
6206	Seven soldiers who took part in the executions were sentenced to 10 years in prison.
6207	Several hundred demonstrators outside the court chanted that they did not accept the verdict of what was a “fake” trial.
6208	Several key Texas targets set to visit for the Longhorns spring gameThe Longhorns can spark some recruiting momentum of their own this weekend with some of Texas’ top targets flocking to Austin.
6209	Several mediatory meetings have been held, some at the Ministerial level to explore both administrative and political approaches to resolving this impasse to enable ALSCON realize and optimize its potentials to the benefit of the nation, to no avail.
6210	Several miles away, in the village of La Florida, patients wait for hours in a small clinic to see the CHPH doctors.
6211	Several other ventures were tinkering with lasers and drones to detect methane leaks from natural gas pipelines more quickly.
6212	Several people who worked on SNL Arabia on Monday declined to answer questions about the ban, saying they were unable to discuss the issue publicly.
6213	Several persons have since appeared in court as the police appear to be making a headway into the unlawful act.
6214	Several research-backed strategies can aid weight loss, one of which is intermittent fasting (IF).
6215	Several studies indicate it is useful to reduce memory loss and cognitive decline.
6216	Several times, the forward drove and dished to teammates cutting toward the basket for easy points.
6217	Shahin Sadafi from Grenfell United survivors’ group said, “When we met Dame Judith Hackitt we asked her for an outright ban on combustible cladding.
6218	Shah said that the responsibility of getting the post mortem done at District Hospital Kupwara for completing the medico-legal formalities was of Police and officials of the Health Department.
6219	Shapiro estimated almost half of the Jays’ season-ticket holders last year were professional ticket “brokers.”
6220	Sharath defeated both his tough opponents and these 2 wins were crucial for the 3-2 win.
6221	Share this on WhatsAppHouse of Assembly candidate of African Democratic Congress (ADC), Hon. Sule Nafiu Iroko has assured Yagba East constituents of quality representation if voted into the Kogi State House of Assembly in 2019.
6222	Share your opinion on Midrand Reporter Facebook page.
6223	Share your thoughts: MyBroadband flooded with complaints …
6224	Sharon and Billy (Jason Thompson) have been spending a little time together lately.
6225	Shaun White, Hannah Teter, Lindsay Jacobellis, Kelly Clark and Ross Powers have all had their turn in the national spotlight.
6226	She acknowledged her husband and FijiFirst Member of Parliament and Minister for Defence and National Security, Inia Seruiratu, and her three children for their support.
6227	She added: “I could have gone on one of those awful diets that pop stars sometimes do but I’m not willing to drink cider vinegar or whatever.
6228	She added Roberts was "helped by the changing politics in Kansas, which has moved significantly away from the hyperpartisan, punitive approach.
6229	She added that they wanted their children to finish their studies because it is the only gift that they can give to them.
6230	She admitted that there’s nothing necessarily wrong with Sen. Saldana, but she argued that “we need to restore financial common sense to the way that we do things in our state.
6231	She also became First Minister, the first woman to hold either position.
6232	She also has declared an emergency.
6233	She also informed that after Dimapur, the expo would shift to Phek town (tentative from September 28 to October 15).
6234	She also maintained that the male actors are not left behind also and majority of the stakeholders in the industry are more concerned about their colleague’s short-coming.
6235	She also played softball at Smith.
6236	She also said it would not be cost effective for Seal Beach to have its own fire department.
6237	She also swam first in the 200-yard medley relay as the four Panthers finished fifth in the event with a 1:56.34 time.
6238	She and Conrad used to be involved, but these days, her dating profile specifies, “No doctors.”
6239	She apologized for the misunderstanding.
6240	She arrived at the APA approximately two months ago as part of a transfer program.
6241	She battled many illnesses during her later years, yet she still worried about how she could help take care of others.
6242	“She becomes fascinated by a fantastic intelligent aquatic creature, held captive in a glass tank,” the suit states.
6243	She called for the urgent reopening of the 1200-seat Theatre Royal, which closed two years ago and left Sydney with two main musical theatre venues: the Capitol Theatre and Lyric Theatre.
6244	She can’t talk nice about President Bush for one second without throwing out a dig at Trump,” said one commenter.
6245	She charges families $200 for one lesson a week for four months, which she compared to thousands they could spend on fees at other clubs, not to mention the additional costs of providing uniforms, makeup and travel expenses.
6246	She cited instances where the communities stood up for each other.
6247	She commended the people of the state for their active participation in the event, stating that: “Rivers State and its people were blessed with beautiful culture, and this is why they emerged overall best in the NAFEST 2018.
6248	She consequently agreed to travel back to Guyana on the same day.
6249	She could give any news and it wouldn't register.
6250	She currently anchors GMA News TV’s flagship newscast “State of the Nation with Jessica Soho (SONA).”
6251	She’d better be careful of how she represents herself.
6252	She described Sharra’s poetry as unique in the sense that she writes with confidence.
6253	She did not decide to suppress it.
6254	She didn’t promise to serve a full term as comptroller and said she hadn’t ruled anything out.
6255	She didn’t want to go to school another day to face a bully.
6256	She did say that “this president” was the first since Richard Nixon to not voluntarily release his tax returns.
6257	She doesn't remember much after that, and even the images she took before the explosion are gone.
6258	She entered the house later that week.
6259	Sheen wanted a way to honor his father’s life and all the commitments he made and kept; he did so by titling his speech “because I said I would” and handed out “promise cards” for the first time at his father’s funeral.
6260	She essentially oversees each avenue.
6261	She explained that the benefits of electing MMDCEs on partisan basis were to promote local democracy by giving the opportunity to choose their own leaders.
6262	Sheffield Place contains three floors of bedrooms, and a basement that houses the Hope Project.
6263	She found a few cute things on Etsy — “beautiful, handcrafted gifts,” she said — and then realized they would take about four weeks to arrive.
6264	She gets around by bouncing, hopping and her own tiny cloud!
6265	Shehab also claimed that the bodies of two demonstrators killed on Friday were in Israeli hands.
6266	She had a successful business and was a pillar of the community."
6267	She had even said that she was sexually attracted towards Afridi since the age of 13.
6268	“She had the best judgment of anyone I’d ever seen.”
6269	She had two brothers, Gregory, who was a lawyer and John, who was a doctor.
6270	She has a daughter who lives in Portland and two sons who live nearby, along with 10 grandchildren who keep her busy.
6271	She has been captain of the side since 2016.
6272	She hasn’t commented since the case was announced Thursday.
6273	She has some great, tender moments and it’s natural because she knows Winston best.
6274	She has the experience but, more importantly, she has the team’s trust and (driver) Jimmy’s (Shane) trust.
6275	She has used both sites this campaign cycle in order to talk to voters and conduct small-scale fundraising.
6276	She however, advised the women to always report gender-based violence cases to the various police offices at the various districts and communities.
6277	She however remained optimistic that as nothing lasts forever, government will soon ensure an enabling atmosphere.
6278	Shehu made this call on Saturday night at the 2018 annual Ramadan lecture hosted by the wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, at the Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
6279	She is always positive when communicating with others face-to-face, through email or on the telephone.
6280	She is a professional academic writer and the regular blogger of KQED, TeachThough, HuffPost Education, Nat Geo Education Blog etc. Feel free to ask any questions to get more info about the theme she describing in this post!
6281	She is a true kitty angel.
6282	She is described as five foot five, with dyed strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes.
6283	She is, though, a woman on a mission.
6284	“She is very happy at the moment, and that is lovely.”
6285	Shekarau made the declaration on Saturday in Kano while addressing his followers who converged on his personal residence at Mundubawa quarters in Kano metropolis.
6286	Shekel (JEW) traded up 1.1% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0005 or 0.00000013 BTC.
6287	She knows that if he lives he will want to live normally.
6288	“She laid a wreath on the concrete footing of the bridge, and ironically a train came through while we were there,” Huffman said.
6289	She later lost custody after relapsing and her parents are caring for the children.
6290	Shelby Caldwell led the Patriots with 28 points and 12 rebounds.
6291	She left satisfied that that was not the case and she was even impressed.
6292	She lived all her life in Jefferson County and was a 1944 graduate of Central High School on Ryker’s Ridge.
6293	She’ll be in or near the lead and if she is able to run out the distance then she can take some catching.
6294	She loved living life.
6295	She made plenty of headlines after locking lips with Madonna during the performance.
6296	She made really conscious choices and made really iconic films," Zima said.
6297	She met her future husband in 1981, and he soon began accompanying her on piano.
6298	She met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the national capital of New Delhi on Monday, May 28, after visiting Yuri Afanasiev, the local coordinator and representative of the UN.
6299	She moved to Penticton in 2014, then to Victoria in 2017 to live with Gerry, where she passed away.
6300	She noted that a female-focused budget is key to the growth of the economy and by failing to do so, we miss out on the potential of nearly half of Canada’s workforce.
6301	She noted that any party, dissatisfied with her decision in the suits has the right of appealing.
6302	She noted that the almost two year absence of a GECOM Chairman might have contributed to a delay in that elections management authority deciding to push ahead with the new registration process.
6303	She now faces a re-elecrelationship with Superior Masonry.
6304	She owes us an explanation as to how she escaped and who had aided her because now everyone is a suspect in the matter including me.”
6305	Shepherd's Bush is likely to have been a rest stop for sheep farmers making their way to Smithfield Market.
6306	She picked a black mini dress from Zoomberg, featuring a plunging neckline with criss-cross detailing and gold embossed angel wings, which she teamed with open-toe, denim knee-length booties from Topshop.
6307	She pleaded no contest to the drug charges March 6 and was sentenced to four years of probation.
6308	She pointed to the need to increase world food production as farmers aged and land became less available, noting that robotics could well be the only solution, or in areas such as caring for the elderly and sick.
6309	She reflected, “I often use skeletal systems that uphold a compressed form.
6310	She responded by saying she had written to the MDC’s Guardians Council, asking for their intervention in the impasse but that effort has so far been frustrated by Chamisa.
6311	She's a diabetic who has had an amputation.
6312	She said family separation can cause “irrevocable harm…a trauma that leads higher incidence of addiction, mental illness and chronic disease among survivors.
6313	She said Harry told her she was 'definitely a role model' for her work with the Valley Kids charity which helps disadvantaged children and families.
6314	She said: “Public awareness around single-use plastics, in terms of disposable water bottles and coffee cups, is high.
6315	She said she was not sure how to comment on such a far-fetched accusation involving what she described as one of the most badly planned and poorly implemented projects given to the housing portfolio in 2007.
6316	She said that the Newark Fire Department responded to a call about the fire at approximately 5 pm.
6317	She said that there were 28 million PWDs in the country hence the need to consider them to enable them cast their votes successfully.
6318	She said the administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting.
6319	She said the birds are subsequently euthanized via gassing, which she noted is quite humane.
6320	She said the city and the alders have also used that premium to boost the city’s rainy day fund, so that it is now $1 million, and make an extra payment into the city’s two pension funds.
6321	She said: “The complainer was found bleeding and struggling to breathe.
6322	She said the council agreed to give the church half of the sale of the property across the street if they ever elected to sell it.
6323	She said the enormous contribution of the organisation in improving access to clean, safe drinking water and sanitation facilities in rural communities was much appreciated by the people.
6324	She said the former Information Minister should publicly apologise or face legal actions over his statement that she was taking money from minibus drivers.
6325	She said: 'The injuries and the cuts were not done at the beach, it must have happened at sea and the storm has pulled it out of the water.'
6326	She said: “The Lagos State government has not been far reaching with management of toxic materials and refuse.
6327	She said the tainted names need to be cleared since the university has finally proven that the money was not taken, as presented in public.
6328	She said the truth.
6329	She said, “This forces most girls to enter into early marriages, thereby increasing chances of contracting HIV, unwanted pregnancies as well as fistula as a result of child bearing at a tender age.
6330	She said this on Saturday while addressing members of the ruling party during a provincial coordinating committee (PCC) meeting in Mutare.
6331	She said: ‘This sort of abuse has no place in the Labour party.’
6332	She said: 'With household bills and money for training, there’s been no money for teenagers' technology.'
6333	She's already enrolled in second grade in Japan.
6334	She's a proud Houstonian who's acclimating to snow and mountain living.
6335	She's a stand-up comic who's been featured on Comedy Central.
6336	She says she tried to book a rental car with six different companies but did not have any success.
6337	She says she “worked at every step of the process to ensure the book would turn out” as she envisioned it.
6338	She says that she does research to make sure that the people she's blasting are actually drug users.
6339	She's lived close by since 1960.
6340	“She’s not even a stray dog.”
6341	She’s pissed he went back on his veto threat he brought up the lack of a DACA reform section in the budget — a double insult to xenophobic racists who comprise his base.
6342	She spoke to a recent Greater Peoria League of Women Voters meeting on school safety.
6343	She started a group called The Bloody Birthday Challenge.
6344	She started the first Head of Household competition sitting out but admonishing James for trying to broker a deal with Shannon as the last two people left.
6345	She stated that if the results proved that the minor child was indeed the biological son of her late husband, his inheritance and maintenance by the estate would be adversely affected if Nosipho’s paternity was not imminently determined.
6346	"She's the most driven, motivating, and supportive person I know," he added.
6347	She suggests rituals that can help boost health during that time of the month, including pouring the blood on the ground and drinking it.
6348	She sure didn’t attempt to hide her frustration, either, repeatedly gesturing toward or speaking in the direction of her coach, Kamau Murray, up in the stands.
6349	She thus established a direct link between the street in which we live and the big world.
6350	She told police she was trying to call 911 on her phone but was unsuccessful before David shot her.
6351	She took the second set by storm; it was over in no time.
6352	She took to her Instagram page to explain why she suddenly became friends with Cee-C, why it seemed like she disliked Alex and why Miracle’s behaviour may change if he wins BBNaija.
6353	She tried one more time but jumbled letters, the report stated.
6354	She tried to calm him down and offered to talk with him after the third child left for school.
6355	She was a lady all over, if she did say it herself.
6356	She was booked in a $250 bond and later released to Clay County Sheriff’s Office.
6357	She was born in São Carlos, a university city outside São Paulo, where her father was a bricklayer and her mother was a seamstress.
6358	She was born on October 12, 1936 in Three Rivers, Texas.
6359	She was born Sept. 29, 1924, at Rural Bush City, Kansas to Amzi and Flora (Henderson) Gull.
6360	She was healthy and performing until a week before her death.
6361	She was last seen at a grocery store near her home.
6362	“She was more or less never not writing.
6363	She was not impressed with Barack before she met him in 1989, when he was assigned as her mentee while he completed a summer associateship at her law firm.
6364	She was our shining light”, they said in a statement.
6365	She was preceded in death by her husband, Boyd Crutcher; her parents, five brothers and three sisters.
6366	She was rescued from the Bhopal railway station Friday.
6367	She was sentenced to 13 days in jail.
6368	“She was sent on a lone mission.
6369	“She was taken away in the ambulance and the man who was there went with her.
6370	"She was, therefore, helping those people that time by providing them with medicine, clothes, food and accommodation because she was a nurse," Shanyengana said.
6371	She was there for me when I had nothing,”
6372	S/He will also collaborate closely with their district's Monitoring and Evaluation Coordinator, and Accountant.
6373	She won "Most Popular Newcomer" in 2001 and "Most Popular Actress" in 2003 at the National Television Awards.
6374	She won the Miss Rwanda pageant in 2016.
6375	She worked with Emerge Colorado, a nonprofit that helps women get elected to local and statewide office, and the-now defunct White House Project, which did the same but on a national level.
6376	Shimron was a smart kid.”
6377	Shin made the tactical move after watching his team lose 3-1 against Bosnia and Herzegovina with a three-man defence in their previous World Cup tune-up at home with captain Ki Sung-yueng serving as a sweeper.
6378	Shipley was taken to the Westmoreland ER for treatment on some facial injuries then taken into custody on several outstanding arrest warrants.
6379	Shishmanian, who is expecting twins with the BBC presenter, said she has been an “emotional wreck,” telling listeners: “I feel like I’m in control today, I’m pumped, I’m ready, let’s do this.
6380	Shortly before 11:00 a.m. today, a man robbed the Chemical Bank at 351 North Main Street in Grafton.
6381	Short-selling is used by investors to profit from shares falling.
6382	Shots fired on car on Montreal Road early Friday Prelude to a disaster: Book from Monty Python's Michael Palin recalls.
6383	… should all be cornered and eliminated….
6384	Should Scott County's employee health insurance plan cover part-time elected officials (county attorney, general sessions judge, county commissioners) as well as full-time elected officials?
6385	Should this deal go through, it will mark the latest collaboration between Netflix and Franco.
6386	Should United fail to convince Pochettino to take charge, they will consider appointing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer on a permanent basis if he impresses during the remainder of the campaign.
6387	Should you ever find yourself shivering on a future space station mission, you might be able to retrieve one of the three dozen insulation blankets McDowell estimates are now in orbit to warm up the inside of your craft.
6388	Show details: Audacity, Friday March 23, 8.15pm, The Street Theatre.
6389	Showed a bit of speed to be handy and held them safely at bay.
6390	Showrunner Michael Amo added: “We’re so excited for Pure to debut on WGN America and thrilled to have the opportunity to tell the Funks’ story for another season.”
6391	Show your visitors what they’re missing by taking them to Katz Delicatessen.
6392	Shteyngart will read at Books & Books in Coral Gables this Thursday.
6393	Siadatan would certainly have set the office gossips at Amscreen a flutter.
6394	Sibuyi says they are working with different stakeholders in the community to make the initiative a success.
6395	Significant investment has led to the creation of two new jobs and the upgrade of its purpose-built factory in Malolo, Nadi.
6396	Signs of lack of care and poverty loom everywhere in Lusaka.
6397	Sign up for Basic Vehicle Maintenance with Career and Technical Education Instructor John Michilak.
6398	Sikkim’s tea which is world famous Temi Tarku Tea Garden is exported for its demanding quality and aroma.
6399	Silence strengthens the belief in impunity.
6400	Silgan posted sales of $995.70 million during the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 2.4%.
6401	Similarly, at the Investors’ and Exporters’ forex window, the naira weakened to N361.41 to a dollar Tuesday, down from the N360.96 at which it closed on Monday.
6402	“Similarly, if trees fall on lines or poles, do not touch them as they can act as a conductor for electricity and electrocute or shock the individual.”
6403	Similarly, Maryam, which ranks 78th nationally for girls’ names, is the top name in Tower Hamlets, Newham, Redbridge, Luton and Leicester, all areas with a large population of Muslims.
6404	Similarly, Sen. David Mark (PDP-Benue South) said this was a national issue.
6405	Similar tours were conducted at Calabash Residence, owned by another Gambian entrepreneur, Aziz Khan; the African Princess Hotel, a 141-room four-star hotel, rendering five-star services, also owned by a Gambian businessman, Freddy Blain.
6406	Since 13 Russians and three Russian groups were charged with conspiracy to defraud the U.S. less than a month ago, numerous news reports have indicated Trump also was under investigation for obstruction of justice.
6407	Since 50 percent of pregnancies are unplanned, women in the workforce should be able to plan a pregnancy on their terms.
6408	Since Brown entered the governor’s office in 2015—swooping in after a power-wielding scandal ended in then-Governor John Kitzhaber’s resignation—she’s begun weaving a sturdy safety net for Oregon’s future.
6409	Since Cyr’s death, Lavergne said he’s become aware of several safety protocols.
6410	Since incorporation, this issue has been looked at several times, by both the City and the County.
6411	Since swerving is a key part of how motorcyclists drive, and because they are vehicles with equal rights to the road, be sure to never try to share a lane with a motorcycle.
6412	Since taking over as head coach in 1996, Brandel-Wilhelm has guided the Bulldogs to 12 NCAA Division ll National Tournament appearances, including 10 in the past 13 seasons.
6413	Since taking over the program in 1977, it’s not been often that the Syracuse Orange men’s basketball team finds itself in the role of Cinderella.
6414	Since ‘The Big 5’ is synonymous for that which is most sought-after, the Big 5 in comedy means that organisers only include the biggest and best in the comedy industry.
6415	Since the competition's launch on April 12, 46 films have been submitted from youths across the country with the adjudication process set to end on July 29 and the awards ceremony slated for July 12 at Alliance Française in Harare.
6416	Since then, Goble chuckles about “the learning curve on flying flags,” which includes more guy wires to better securing the flagpoles, replacing the flags as they get tattered and making plans to make the location look nicer.
6417	Since then, she has participated in lock-ons, picketed her local Conservative club and been charged with pouring hot coffee on an officer’s leg with intent to scald, a claim she strongly contests.
6418	Since then, they have continued to be involved in various activities and aspects regarding the junior and senior fair.
6419	Since then, Zimbabwe’s voters have made many electoral choices with one visit to the polling station every five years.
6420	Since this is the 1990s, Jackson, who’s now 69, had to appear 20 to 30 years younger, at a time when Fury was just a “lowly bureaucrat.”
6421	Singer Joe Eckman pauses during his set during open-mic night Tuesday, Jan.
6422	Singer, songwriter and children’s advocate has spent her lifetime defying stereotypes and statistics.
6423	Singer-songwriters Zoe Wood and Eduardo León play Nuevo Flamenco and Latin standards.
6424	Single-use plastics can easily be replaced by investing in a reusable counterpart.
6425	S interest rates held flat despite the rising pressure from a fast-growing economy and the Trump administration’s tax cuts.
6426	Sir Alex Ferguson, on Saturday, returns to Old Trafford for the first time since his emergency brain surgery in May.
6427	Sir: Peter Oborne’s recent review of Simon Wilde’s book England: The Biography mentioned the (statistically) worst-ever first-class cricketer, the Harrovian McMaster: out first ball, no wickets, no catches in his only match.
6428	Sitting across from the peer navigators is Elissa Hardy, the library’s lead social worker for the past three years, and Kristi Schaefer, a social worker hired at the beginning of 2016.
6429	Sitting at home right now I looked at everything in the room/that I could see & no, I really wouldn't mind if someone wanted to clear out a lot of this crap.
6430	Six other people reportedly were dismissed or allowed to quietly resign over the allegations.
6431	Six survivors were taken to hospitals.
6432	Sixteen North Carolina rivers were at major flood stage Tuesday with an additional three forecast to peak by Thursday.
6433	Sixty-eight percent of respondents believe there is anti-Semitism in the U.S. today.
6434	Six women claimed he tricked them into sex by posing as a porn recruiter.
6435	SKICROSS: Is it all about the pants?
6436	Skylar Stecker may be young, but that isn’t stopping her from chasing all of her dreams and aspirations.
6437	Sky News reported all three victims were in a coma.
6438	Slate Money on tariffs, the Seychelles, and expert networks.
6439	Slater’s run in the WWF was brief.
6440	Slim also criticized Mexican regulators who have focused special rules on his America Movil and Telmex companies because they once dominated the market.
6441	Slowly, I've improved.
6442	Small brewers are struggling to source cans amid increased demand for the metal and supply chain disruption.
6443	Smallcaps lagged, leaving futures for the Russell 2000 0.2% below fair value.
6444	Smaller and more US-focused companies also lagged.
6445	Smithtown town board voted unanimously to schedule a public hearing Aug. 14 on utilizing the process of eminent domain to forcibly take ownership of two vacant lots off Pulaski Road, which are currently owned by Matthew and Marguerite Lupoli.
6446	Smith was with his teammates Friday — the Cavs didn’t practice, but watched film — and after getting in some extra shots, he told a team spokesman he will address the media at Saturday’s shootaround before the Cavs play Denver.
6447	Smoke is definitely your friend on this map.
6448	Smuggling cases have risen sharply since the consumption tax rose to 8 percent from 5 percent in April 2014.
6449	Smut is highly esteemed in Mexico as a delicacy, where it is known as huitlacoche, being preserved and sold for a significantly higher price than uninfected corn.
6450	Snacks include gluten-free Colombian-style empanadas, hot dogs, and (not gluten-free) Sri Lankan roti wraps from local purveyor Short Eats.
6451	’s ninth inning homer off the right-hander in Tuesday’s 2-1 win all the more notable.
6452	Snitker believes he will be ready by Friday.
6453	Snowmobile gear will be on sale, and the popular Traxxas Try Me Track will return with a course filled with remote-controlled miniature trucks.
6454	So 2017 was the first year ever where we had 12 months, every month in the year of 2017, the market was higher at the end of the month than it was at the beginning of the month.
6455	So 4 parties run by dynasties with no concept of democracy, and one party whose ideology recommends single party dictatorship will "save" democracy?
6456	So “anywhere, anytime” international inspections of Iran’s secret-most nuclear and military facilities were the minimum prerequisite for a verifiable deal.
6457	Soaring home prices and high local taxes are pushing local residents out and scaring off potential movers from other parts of the country.
6458	So as we approach a blissful future in which every single college football game is broadcast to every television set, or laptop, or brain-implanted moving-picture device in the country, might regional bias fade away entirely?
6459	So choose the ones you can afford.
6460	Social engineering meets phishing.
6461	Social services didn't detail the child's behavior but described the unnamed teacher's disciplinary measures as "roughly handling" the child by restraint.
6462	So definitely get on those beyond this compilation!
6463	So does the company’s status as the top lingerie brand in the United States, even with its recent decline in sales.
6464	So don't worry about saying I don't know something, it's perfectly fine.
6465	So far, Evelyn has had a broken tibia, a broken fibula and her legs are no longer equal in length.
6466	So far, few details have been revealed about season three but we do know it is slated to premiere on DC’s new streaming service sometime this year.
6467	So far this fiscal year, the General Fund has received $2.432 billion, which is $131 million higher than expected, and 12% better than this time a year ago.
6468	“So for viewers in New York or Washington, D.C., the Moon will enter the outer part of Earth’s shadow at 5:51 a.m.,” the NASA post adds.
6469	Software is released into a code universe which no one can fully understand.”
6470	So Granger can ignore you, just like many of her constituents, and still get your recommendation because she is the incumbent?
6471	So he goes to Ranger and … well, his first year there had to be forfeited for using ineligible players.
6472	So he posted the first selfie again and wrote: "Typo.
6473	So, here’s the story how this popular destination, situated in territory, introduces physical activities with ease for all ages.
6474	… So he’s going to be very, very comfortable here.”
6475	So I decided to come back to the industry and I knew that they would welcome me back.
6476	So, I don’t want the fans to have lower expectations, I want the fans to have high expectations because I want the players to have high expectations too,” Mourinho said.
6477	So I found this to be a wonderful challenge.
6478	So, if they are not paid that money in time, it means they cannot discharge some of their services and other operations are affected, which is bad.”
6479	So, if you are really born again then the seed of God which is in you will guarantee victory.
6480	So I’m hard on myself for any bad decisions I made.
6481	“So,” I said, “have you ever tried Cos?”
6482	So is their starting goalie.
6483	So it means a lot.
6484	So, it’s important to remain informed and aware of Kīlauea’s activity and location of Lava-Flow Hazard Zones (volcanoes.usgs.gov/observatori…
6485	So, it's no coincidence that the next editions of Office and Windows Server will share the same "2019" label, as they both rely on the same licensing rhythm.
6486	Solidifying its lead during a 15-3 third round, GFS gave all its reserve players a lot of court time the rest of the way.
6487	So, like Ted did with his mock, you’re getting gifted with it on Wednesday (almost Thursday in the Central time zone) instead.
6488	So long as you don’t have the beautification settings turned on, the post-processing isn’t too heavy-handed.
6489	Soltysinska believes the company’s success is down to its mission to challenge the status quo.
6490	Somaliland Diaspora entrepreneurs feel that there is no progressive tax system, and that the government doesn’t have tax system that is straight and fair.
6491	So, maybe if you could talk about the relative growth of those?
6492	Some 40,000 of these people have benefitted from IOM help to upgrade their shelters.
6493	Some are located high on the hills above the roadside, while others are located in the middle of the meadows with no evidence as to how they got there.
6494	"Somebody invested in me and got another 17 years of productivity out of me."
6495	Some companies may move jobs say from Ottawa to Gatineau, Que., but the numbers will be very small, said Fabian Lange, associate professor at McGill University’s Department of Economics.
6496	Some concern for his own party, riven with internal feuds while under the leadership of a prime minister who is standing in the middle of a circular firing squad?
6497	Some disruptors seemed to be driven largely by their animalistic instincts.
6498	Some environmentalists fear that clay can accumulate on the ocean floor, disrupt the food web and smother habitat.
6499	Some even worry that the price hikes could force small papers to close.
6500	Some experts and analysts of Germany and Europe affairs mention that even if a coalition government is formed, the next German government will face continuous crises.
6501	Some farmers’ leaders yesterday criticised Hassan for advocating talks, saying why he should now pitch for dialogue with Karnataka when the Cauvery Management Authority has been set up after the decades-long legal battle.
6502	Some guys are trying to convert to center.
6503	Some influencers use Instagram Stories to create polls.
6504	“Some Milford parents now drive their children to our center in Dover so this will be a lot more convenient for them.”
6505	Some motorists may get stranded on the highways in this storm.
6506	Some notable items from Tucows’ 10-k.
6507	Some observers have cautioned that Catholic-Orthodox relations could be set back by inter-Orthodox feuding.
6508	“Some of the groups have had the same composition for three or four years,” Leon said.
6509	Some of the most conservative Republicans in the House joined with some of the most liberal Democrats in the failed bid for more privacy protections.
6510	Some of the organ pipes were saved.
6511	“Some of this training really does feel like rearranging deckchairs on the Titanic if we don’t want to deal as a country with the larger issue of assault weapons and background checks and all of that.
6512	Some of those roles project to be bigger than others.
6513	Someone may have seen the man acting suspiciously or lurking around the area around the time of the incident.
6514	Some people love them, some people hate them.
6515	Some people showed their extreme dislike towards my biking as it was a disgrace and shame that a girl is riding a bike.
6516	Some people think it’s necessary to help kids learn; others think it’s a waste of time.
6517	Some photos are souvenirs of dressing-up parties.
6518	Some places on earth were destined by the folding and wrinkling of its crust eons ago to become what they are, awaiting by the appearance of men to discover and use what those upheavals of millions of years had created.
6519	Some residents are still putting out their black bags on the incorrect day.
6520	Some states could opt to allow sports betting in casinos or a hybrid where customers deposit money physically but spend it online, for example.
6521	“Some states have been able to overcome those issues.
6522	Something always arrives to remind them about fate’s cruelty.
6523	Something like this happens now across the globe daily.
6524	"Something like this is not healthy."
6525	Something pleases you in a big way today — it could be anything from a note from your sweetie to great feedback at work.
6526	Something slightly different in this edition.
6527	Something that was really interesting initially when we were editing the movie, there were several discussions in-house about do we include the trans scene on the DVD, because we are still producing DVDs for retail stores.
6528	Sometimes new pain relief medicines have a difficult time beating placebos.
6529	Sometimes people ask me is if my own high school was like St. Clare’s, the rigid Catholic prep school in Heretics Anonymous.
6530	“Sometimes that can be just as important as knowing the files that you were provided,” Kamp says.
6531	Sometimes they’ll even put out about five in a week, after which point there might be a little break to let people catch up.
6532	Sometimes volunteers prepare meals and directions will ensure the food is served at its best.
6533	Sometimes we have to leave people behind; we can pick them back up after we collect our 200 bucks and pass go.
6534	Sometimes, whenever we were going to our farms we would see them with hoes and bags coming from harvesting our crops.
6535	…some with social media, some by picking up a phone and chatting with them, other people prefer listening sessions — so we need a combination of several modes of commnication to effectively do that.”
6536	Some woeful defending from the home side saw Real awarded the chance to wrap up three points from the penalty spot after Alvaro Odriozola was fouled in the box.
6537	Some women start with almost no natural eyebrow and want a professional, in essence, to draw them on.
6538	Some would say it’s because Patrick Dempsey just really needed the work.
6539	So Moniz attempted to recreate the recipe at home.
6540	“So much investment has gone into downtown, it’s important to find something people can be happy with,” Amoroso says.
6541	So my travel headaches will be going shopping, attending lame parties, getting together with those family members and my favorite of being stuck in traffic near a major mall or shopping center.
6542	Sonam Kapoor never shies away from experimenting with her fashion choices.
6543	Songwriter Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly called Bobi Wine, who is also a lawmaker, was among dozens of people detained shortly afterwards on suspicion of taking part in the assault on the convoy.
6544	Sonic Automotive had a net margin of 0.91% and a return on equity of 10.27%.
6545	Sonny & Linda Morris, members of the Atlanta Country Music Hall of Fame since 2015, will be the featured performers.
6546	Sony LIV subscription costs Rs 99 a month, Rs 149 a quarter and Rs 499 a year.
6547	“So one of the realities is, we have four sedans, we have one crossover and one SUV, that leaves you somewhat caught in the downdraft of where the majority of your products are.”
6548	So over the past year, while the S&P 500 has risen roughly 12%, the S&P Aerospace & Defense Select Industry Index has gained 27%.
6549	So perhaps next month will bring an Armistice Day in Australia’s climate wars, but that won’t be the end of the challenge.
6550	Sophomore forward Chyna Latimer dribbles the ball during a game against Villanova earlier this month.
6551	Sophomore forward Santiago Herrera buried a rebound in the back of the net in the 65th minute to knot the score at one.
6552	So, please make sure that they are included in this.”
6553	So right now we have some dogs on MJ and some dogs off of MJ."
6554	Sorry Not Sorry singer has struggled with an eating disorder and substance abuse for the most part of her adult life.
6555	So running with that in 300 was really a huge inspiration, the lengths you would go to, to protect those you love.
6556	So, some of the connective tissue becomes more overt.
6557	So start small.
6558	So, stay focused in all that you do; stay focused so that your deliberations today will help you to achieve your objectives and the objectives of the New Democratic Party,” Friday said.
6559	So, the explosions are bigger, the worlds are more fantastic, and literally anything is possible.
6560	So the question is what is so special about these officers being retired?
6561	“So there is only winning the World Cup, otherwise it is probably somebody else’s opportunity to do it.”
6562	So there’s no doubt you’ll quickly have a list of updates you want to do immediately, but Roemer would offer some counter advice to that way of thinking.
6563	So, there you go--two hit and runs in a very short period of time.
6564	So they were against the idea, and they never believed it, right up until the day when I signed my first professional contract.”
6565	“So this is as close as you’re going to get to a public ritual where you’re pronouncing fact that they’re going to be married.”
6566	So this isn’t a question of preparation, it’s a question of whether or not people want it to happen, and we’ll know that very quickly."
6567	Sounds like something the big Trump would say.
6568	Soup, breakfast cereal, chili, or the occasional risotto have always been eaten out of a bowl.
6569	Sources hinted the he believes the money belongs to Nigerians and subsidy is a way of giving back to the people instead of allowing only the elite to consume the national wealth.
6570	Sources in the White House confirmed to several U.S. media outlets that Trump made the utterance during a meeting in which he rejected a bipartisan deal on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) programme.
6571	South Africa morphing into Gaza: prototypes for all subsequent countries.
6572	South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss.
6573	Southern Maine beaches have been beset with dead harbor seals in recent days, with dozens washing up stranded or having perished.
6574	Southern Minnesota may have the potential for floods, too, as some parts of the area are already dealing with several inches of rain since Thursday afternoon.
6575	South Korean petrochemical company Hanwha Total Co., a 50-50 partnership between the Seoul-based Hanwha Group and French oil giant Total, said in an email to the AP it had contracted the Sanchi to import Iranian condensate to South Korea.
6576	South Medford High schoolers took on the role of teachers for children at Jefferson Elementary.
6577	Southport detectives investigated tirelessly and followed up on many leads before finally arresting him in Engcobo, Eastern Cape.
6578	South Sudan has shutdown telecom operator Vivacell over a tax dispute.
6579	So we all missed the early signs that something was very seriously wrong with dad.
6580	“So, we are trying to get new people into the multisport.
6581	“So we can take confidence from the cup tie and we need to take it into Saturday’s game now and concentrate on the league.
6582	“So we decided to form this organisation – we want to help the people blinded by pellets in every way.”
6583	“So we’re really feeling the pain with this winter weather, same with sickness, travel, people are busy and just not doing their normal donations.”
6584	So we think and believe that they’ll come to our aid and then we’ll solve our issues.”
6585	"So we want to be near our suppliers; we want to be in a place that welcomes us and is friendly to us, and where it is logistically most sensible.
6586	So what accounts for this opposition?
6587	“So what are you doing here?” he responded, impishly.
6588	So what happens to the children who have been separated from their parents?
6589	So, what is “best interest” according to logic, standard and legal resource?
6590	So, what’s an enterprise to do?
6591	“So when you hear savings you’re still going to pay more money.”
6592	So where do things stand now?
6593	So whether you need a deer butchered or a tasty burger, stop by Doreck Meat Market in Santa Fe, TX.
6594	So while his quest for domination seems a bit far-fetched, the idea that Acho can reach another level of production is not that unrealistic.
6595	“So while this experience will be unlike anything Caterina has yet to take on in her life, the support of our community leaders is fully behind her.”
6596	So who’s next in the Gannett CEO chair and what’s next for the company?
6597	So, with more people in the labour force and fewer children to support, a country has a window of opportunity for economic growth.
6598	So you have to find the balance where you can say ‘I am in a hurry’ or ‘I’m fine, how about you?’ and then leave.
6599	So you kind of reverse engineer that.
6600	So, you need to know what’s in your consumer reports.
6601	So…you’re refusing to accept Republicans may have been responsible for decisions taken when they controlled congress?
6602	So, you see, these are all products of misinformation, the news flew so fast and we don’t have the chance of controlling it anymore.
6603	SpaceX will launch its Falcon 9 rocket carrying Spaceflight’s SSO-A rideshare mission.
6604	Spanish GP: Toto Wolff expects Mercedes-Ferrari-Red Bull battle to ‘intensify’
6605	Spanish woman dubbed Donald Trump’s doppelganger is the funniest thing you’ll see.
6606	Spann is to be considered armed and dangerous, officials say.
6607	SP (City) Devesh Kumar Pandey said that in 2016, Pankaj was booked for rape on the basis of a complaint filed by the woman.
6608	SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ( closed at $283.16 on Friday, down $1.91 (-0.67%).
6609	Speaking at Gatundia Secondary School grounds after the launch of the fence on Monday, Mr Ruto said the project, which was part of the Jubilee’s agenda for the county during the last General Election, would be completed in the next six months.
6610	Speaking at the same engagement, Bankers Association of Zambia (BAZ), Chief Executive Officer, Leonard Mwanza expressed gratitude that the exchange rate has been stable this year despite receiving bashing in April.
6611	Speaking generally about his varying musical styles, he added, “At times, my music is really hardcore, really experimental and really tuneful.”
6612	Speaking of, is there a way to open up all the comments without having to continually scroll down and click “load more comments”?
6613	Speaking on the sidelines of the Singapore conference, He Lei, of the PLA's Academy of Military Sciences, said China had every right to continue to militarize its South China Sea holdings.
6614	Speaking to ANI, Shukla said, “As far as BCCI vs Pakistan Cricket Board dispute is concerned, my own view is that both the Boards should resolve it amicably instead of lingering it in ICC.
6615	Speaking today, Mr Corbishley said, “I am delighted to be in Bermuda.
6616	Speaking to newsmen, the PDP spokesman,described the election as a daylight robbery.
6617	Speaking to Sky Sports ahead of kick-off at the Emirates, Wenger said: 'He's not available tonight.
6618	Speaking with ABC News Wednesday, farmers across the state said that Chinese retaliatory tariffs have already caused major losses for their operations.
6619	Speaking with newsmen in Enugu on Sunday, Okonkwo, who identifies himself as a litigant, described the current leadership of the church as “a bunch of usurpers’’.
6620	Specific neurological and orthopedic tests will follow.
6621	Spectacular play by Jeffery.
6622	Speedo Hydrospex Swim Goggle on sale for $8.
6623	Spends over $4M to get Wizkid, Davido, MI, name them all to come to Becca’s show.
6624	SPICE-LOVERS: Some of us simply can’t resist a mouth-scorch when given the option.
6625	Spieth said after seizing upon a calm Carnoustie for a 6-under 65 to tie for the lead with fellow Americans Kevin Kisner and Xander Schauffele.
6626	S&P noted as strength of the Israeli economy its competitiveness, growth, and the fact that Israel is a net lender to the world and not a borrower.
6627	Spoiler alert – it's all awesome and the hype is real now.
6628	Spokesman Alan Knott said: “This championship will be even more special for us.
6629	Sponsored by the Center for Liberal Democracy and co-sponsored by the Institute for Legal Studies.
6630	Spotify has two levels of streaming.
6631	Spotify's beneficiary certificates will, in part, discourage any third-party from trying to buy up enough of the company to shake things up.
6632	Spreadsheets and datasets have pushed human emotion completely out of MLB front offices.
6633	Spurs need a player who can run at defenders and beat them.
6634	Squatters will have no rights other than to produce a valid agreement to cover their stay in the property.
6635	Srihari said that 3 lakhs of people will attend the Pragathi Nivedan Meeting near Hyderabad and will create a record.
6636	S. says its military mission in Syria is coming to 'rapid end'
6637	Stacey Pearson-Wharton, Dean of Health and Wellness, on student health and wellness, and the opening of the Amy E. Winans Center for Wellness on the Susquehanna University campus.
6638	Staff in London worked 26,000 hours overtime during the 2017 election.
6639	Staff Sgt. William Morgan, A Company, 210th Brigade Support Battalion, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, said that he is an avid runner and would like to record a new personal best time at the ATM.
6640	Standing with her is 23-year-old Kamala, who uses a free bus pass for girl students to travel to Tumkur, 40 km away, for B.Ed classes.
6641	Stanislaus Mtingwi asked if it can also be shared of success stories from countries where it was implemented successfully.
6642	Starbucks’ caffeinated Refreshers, today is your lucky day.
6643	Stark insists that the dream felt very real and that he woke up thinking that they may be expecting.
6644	Starting this summer, Mills will undergo a complete transformation to be more student-focused and oriented towards the college’s mission of developing students as global citizens and responsible leaders.
6645	Star Wars: The Last Jedi is set to arrive via digital download first March 13th and to celebrate clips have from the film have been hitting the web.
6646	State Department officials were tight-lipped about what progress, if any, was made before and during Tillerson’s trip, and the senior diplomat made no statements Wednesday.
6647	State lawmakers are working out the details, but the professional leagues which oppose the law want a cut of the profits.
6648	State Rep. Kelly Cassidy, one of the main sponsors of a legalization bill, said it was a “next year project.”
6649	Stateside, Green served on the presidential detail and was a dog handler at Andrews Air Force Base.
6650	States like Bihar where real incomes of farmers was at (-)1 per cent (CAGR) between 2002-03 and 2012-13 would require a CAGR of 12.3 per cent between 2015-16 and 2022-23 to achieve the government’s target.
6651	Statins interact with scores of them, including proton pump inhibitors (like Nexium), blood pressure and heart medications (like Plavix), and many antibiotics.
6652	Statistics have proven that drug courts are the most effective justice intervention, both economically and for the individual, the release stated.
6653	Statutory declarations are a vast improvement over doctor’s notes.
6654	’s taut red woollen yarn is stretched between two walls and the floor, making a satisfying triangular line.
6655	Stein, armed with a pistol and assault rifle, wearing a ballistic vest and holding a night vision scope, conducted surveillance on a mall popular with Somali shoppers, on a mosque and on cars occupied by Muslims.
6656	Stella spent her last years with a long-time cherished friend Gerald Strange, whom quickly became a part of our family, and we all love dearly.
6657	Stephen says it's untrue.
6658	Stephens reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of National Commerce in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th.
6659	Step in time starting at 7:30 p.m. on Friday, July 6, at Herberger Theater Center, 222 East Monroe Street.
6660	Sterling is happier and much less inhibited in Boyolali, even more so when he started his film project with his friends.
6661	Sterling was pounded by investors on Tuesday morning following the release of leaked government Brexit paper which suggested that the U.K. economy could be negatively impacted by Brexit.
6662	Steve Bannon, then Donald Trump’s chief strategist, at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida last year.
6663	Steven Richard Farrier, 35, of Cedar Falls, was cited into court for driving under suspension, second offense.
6664	Stevens “was an American black-ops soldier” who disappeared off the grid and now has “a plan that threatens to put Black Panther and all of Wakanda at risk.”
6665	Stibium: IIRC, the tare weight of a typical bag might weigh 1/3 gram.
6666	Stickley joined the Badgers in 2015 and had a 21-14 record last season.
6667	Still — a slim chance remains if the Badgers are able to get hot, win the Big Ten tournament and receive the automatic bid for March Madness.
6668	Still, because of the much slower refresh cycle for cars compared to phones, it’s taken a while to get to this point.
6669	Still, general manager Jason Licht was correct in picking up Winston’s fifth-year option, which he did on Tuesday morning.
6670	Still, he can’t help romanticising the myth of the male rock star.
6671	Still, it's made the offense more volatile.
6672	Still, Salters asked why he deserves that chance, and he didn’t say more than, “Because I’ve worked so hard for this.”
6673	Still, the photographs of the two did give rise to speculation.
6674	Still, there are things to be decided, like the director and other things, but Amazon and Amblin and I are very, very highly excited, along with Steve Zaillian, who wrote the script.
6675	Still, there is no question that Mr. Abe has been politically weakened even if he secures a third term as leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in September.
6676	Still, the Scot’s blushes were spared as the Toon clung on to register their third win on the spin and their first on the road this season.
6677	Still think about it.
6678	Still using his Instagram account to promote the upcoming movie, Cruise shared a first-look photo from the action film.
6679	Sting noted to Angle that his man will be here in a few minutes.
6680	Stir in the mustard, paprika and thyme, then add the pasta.
6681	Stirling, 32, who yesterday pleaded guilty to Sam’s murder, throttled her during a row at her home in Baddeley Green, Stoke, then buried her body in a disused quarry.
6682	ST LOUIS (LALATE) – Paul Casey has won the Valspar Championship 2018 in Final Golf Scores today.
6683	St. Mark’s, the second seed, kept their record unbeaten at 17-0 and will meet the top seed, Cape Henlopen, for the title.
6684	Stock buyback plans are typically a sign that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued.
6685	Stocks in mining giant BHP Billiton were down more than 1.5%.
6686	Stocks With Rising Relative Strength: BPIn a welcome move, BP saw its Relative Strength Rating rise from 70 to 73 on Thursday.
6687	Stolen vehicle recovery nets two drug arrests »
6688	Stop bogarting that joint, GrandmaDon't Like Ads?
6689	Stop delaying democracy and let municipalities get back to work,” said Sturgeon in a letter accompanying the organization’s press release.
6690	"Stop thinking of our assignment as merely soul-winning or having experiences with God," he said.
6691	Stop tip-toeing around this issue.
6692	Stop wasting your time and concentrate on the people who are going to vote, this daft MDC so, hayi aah!
6693	Storage is the foundation layer of any surveillance solution.
6694	Store in a paper bag and use within a couple of days.
6695	St. Patrick’s Day and Easter are major, nostalgia filled holidays in the Irish calendar so The Paddy's Day Box and The Easter Box were something we knew Irish living abroad would love.
6696	ST. PAUL — It's fitting that Nino Niederreiter was on the ice during the Wild's very optional practice Thursday morning, March 22, at Xcel Energy Center.
6697	ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — St. Paul police are investigating after a person was found dead inside a burning vehicle.
6698	ST. PETER, Minn. – Minnesota Morris faced three MIAC foes in non-conference play earlier this season and were on the losing side all three times.
6699	Strange are the ways of the Force.
6700	Strong wind gusts to 60 mph will increase the risk of roll-overs for high profile and light trailers (such as camping trailers)."
6701	Struggling LAKERS already starting to wear on LeBron.
6702	Stuart Brideaux, a spokesman with Alberta Health Services EMS, says the child was elementary-school age.
6703	Students like Mathew (name changed for fear of victimisation) say leaving his banking job, selling all household property to take up studies and also "dragging" his wife along to Northern Cyprus remains his biggest regret.
6704	Students reached their destination—a picturesque overlook of the town of Clay.
6705	Students who arrived to attend the lecture said that they were threatened and intimidated by the protesters, the UK Jewish News reported.
6706	Students who survived the shooting mobilized to push for gun control measures at the state and federal level, and Saturday’s events were the latest extension of their efforts.
6707	Studies indicate later start times for teenagers can improve their academic focus and performance.
6708	Studies indicate that they may have a gene that affects the circadian rhythm.
6709	Studio City International Holdings Limited is a subsidiary of Melco Resorts & Entertainment Limited.
6710	STYLISH clothes should be available in all shapes and sizes – and M&S is making sure that happens.
6711	Suarez went into the game without a goal in the Champions League for 791 minutes and never looked like ending the drought here.
6712	Submitted by the White Pine County Sheriff’s Office for September 10-September 16. Information and spellings of names contained in the blotter are as released by the WPCSO.
6713	Subsequently the Company completed a stock split on the basis of (1) old for (1000) new.
6714	Such a move isn’t a surprise considering that neither player has been on the floor for a game since the team’s win at Memphis on March 15th.
6715	Such attempts are regrettable and goes against the soul of strategic partnership,” the prime minister said.
6716	Such expressions go against our values,” he continued.
6717	Such infusion of funds will enable the institutions to achieve their full abilities and improve rankings.
6718	Such persons are vulnerable and groups like ISIS or ISWA recognise this.
6719	Such work is precisely one of the main aims of VIVA.
6720	Suitcases line the reception and forecourt as holidaymakers work out where to go, while staff and locals face the fact that their main source of income, tourism, will now be affected.
6721	Sun Tzu said, “If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.”
6722	Super Mario's on sale right now, if you're interested.
6723	SuperSport have recovered well from a poor start and Zimbabwean Evans Rusike netted just before half-time to deliver a 2-1 home win over bottom side Chippa United.
6724	Supporting their vendors, like Art of Santa Cruz, an art gallery showcasing 70 local artists and their work, is a way Capitola Mall management is reaching out to our community.
6725	Sure, Ehang is hoping its quad-copter can serve the unexplored autonomous aerial taxi service, but it's easier said than done.
6726	Sure, everyone’s mind goes straight to butterbeer, which, like everyone else, I desperately wish was real.
6727	Surely, among the first questions from general manager Ryan Pace was something along the lines of “What the hell happened?”
6728	Surely, Buhari wanted the Christians, especially the Anglican members to see him as their hero and champion, as somebody who embodied the same values as Rev Ajayi Crowther.
6729	Surely if a manager in "private enterprise" made such a decision he/she would now be a regular at Centrelink.
6730	Surely if they have been on separation since 1999 then VP Mohadi is entiled to get sex form somewhere else.
6731	Surely this is incorrect?
6732	Suresh Raina, Sachin Tendulkar, Shikhar Dhawan, Virender Sehwag and many more have sent their wishes to ‘Captain Cool’ who on Friday became only the third Indian to make 500 international appearances.
6733	Sure, the last of his 14 major titles came nearly a decade ago at the U.S. Open, and it’s been 13 years since he captured a green jacket.
6734	Sure, when I was a kid in the 1980s, it was totally acceptable to rock a native costume complete with feathers, war paint and a bow with arrows made of suction darts.
6735	Sure, your college may allow students to pay for tuition and fees with a credit card.
6736	Surgery went great.
6737	Surveillance images show Riess walking outside the building and driving away in a white 2005 Honda Acura, with Florida license Y37-TAA.
6738	Surveillance video shows a white Porsche moments before it struck Frazier.
6739	Susan Sullivan () voices Fred’s mother, with John Michael Higgins () playing Fred’s sidekick robot Mini-Max.
6740	Swallows and Kent voted from opposite ends of the political schism.
6741	SWAT arrives to arrest Eddie at the bank but when they go to arrest him; Peter Kwan approaches and reaches for his gun.
6742	Sweden prohibits hate speech, and defines it as publicly making statements that threaten or express disrespect for an ethnic group or similar group regarding their race, skin colour, national or ethnic origin, faith, or sexual orientation.
6743	Sweeping rain and strong wind gusts made it difficult for the players, with both sides recording losses to South.
6744	"Swimming is great but watch out for undercurrents and algae bloom, as you would for humans.
6745	SwingTrader added names aggressively early on.
6746	SWIPCO Lead Planner Alexsis Fleener says “Public participation is a critical component of the housing assessment and application process.
6747	Switzerland shares two million account details with international partners – Bahamians with.
6748	Symptoms of salmonella include severe or bloody diarrhea, fever, chills, abdominal discomfort and occasionally vomiting.
6749	Syria and Iran and North Korea maybe Cuba do not have a Rothschild controlled central bank.
6750	'Tainted' candidates worry Chamisa - Business Daily News Zimbabwe Orange invests in Africa's Talking.
6751	Take another look in the mirror and tell me what you see.
6752	Take a second teaspoon of dough and form into rope.
6753	Take-out utensils, napkins and packaging: Packaging is the largest chunk of all municipal waste in the U.S., and single-use items make up 10 percent of that, according to the University of California's Climate Lab.
6754	Talk about the kettle calling the pot black.
6755	Talk of the illegal and immoral things she did to keep a selfish stranglehold on the North American women’s wrestling scene.
6756	Talks to increase these caps have proceeded behind the scenes toward a two-year deal that could increase spending by more than $200 billion over that span when compared with the legal cap.
6757	Tallahassee Police have identified Beierly as the man who entered the Hot Yoga Tallahassee during a Friday night class and started shooting, killing two and wounding six.
6758	Tamir, she said, loved to create, drawing cartoons and making pottery.
6759	Tampa: NASA’s unmanned New Horizons spacecraft is closing in on its historic New Year’s flyby target, the most distant world ever studied, a frozen relic of the solar system some four billion miles (6.4 billion kilometers) away.
6760	Tap in the top right hand corner.
6761	Targeting Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao, Ponnam said that he was getting a feeling of seeing Tuglaq whenever he saw KCR.
6762	Targets discovered so far here include companies in the telecom, financial and agriculture industries.
6763	TAUNTON — Bristol County Savings Bank, headquartered in Taunton, announced that Jennifer C. Oldfield, a mortgage consultant with the bank, recently received a Top Originators of First Mortgage Loans Bronze Award from MassHousing.
6764	TAUNTON - State Rep. Shaunna O'Connell recently received the Empowering Youth to Succeed Award, for her efforts with at-risk youth.
6765	“Tax policy might not be as critical to the rate of business investment as had been thought,” he said.
6766	Taylor Crystal was 77th with 2 in 4:04.
6767	Taylor says that the problem with the court’s ruling is that it failed to acknowledge that last year’s was about more than just finding money to put into K-12 education.
6768	TCU stormed out to a 58-47 lead by the end of the third quarter.
6769	Team South Africa will truly be dressed for success at this year's Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia.
6770	Tebow hasn’t had any success in sports since Denver?
6771	Teddy Segor Ingabire, 18, moved to Quebec from Burundi last year.
6772	Ted on February 15th, 2018 2:43 am Open the gates and tell all the metal scrappers that it’s a free for all.
6773	TEHRAN, Feb. 16 (MNA) – Attending Friday Prayers in Indian Hyderabad, Iranian president stressed the need for unity among Muslims in the world against the Zionist Regime and other enemies of Islam.
6774	Tejeda-Tejeda told police Hernandez was giving him a ride to a grocery store when Paredes Gutierrez followed him in another vehicle.
6775	Tekena knows he shouldn’t be falling in love with Ima, especially because of his past experience with his then secretary.
6776	Tell Minnesota legislators to oppose the con!
6777	Temperatures are expected to be average for the time of year, with 5-9C (41-48F) predicted in the east and 11-12C (51-53F) in the west.
6778	Temperatures are forecast in the 20s and low 30s.
6779	Temperatures were forecast to reach 42.8 Celsius on Saturday, with winds of up to 13 km/h, according to the National Weather Service.
6780	Tennessee has been home to the Titans since 1997, after the franchise relocated from Houston.
6781	Tepper said he plans to formally take over the team in July.
6782	Terri Cormier voted against it at the January meeting.
6783	Terry Lavelle and his dog Trixie are recognizable in the community for the time Lavelle spends out front of Sobeys, gleefully playing his guitar while folks drop loose change into the guitar case.
6784	Terry, who is being held at the Nassau County Correctional Center in East Meadow, is scheduled to be sentenced in the federal case on May 29.
6785	Tesla stock was little changed after the earnings announcement but fell during a conference call, when Musk began cutting analysts' questions short, costing Tesla over $2 billion in market capitalisation.
6786	TESS, which is expected to find thousands of new exoplanets orbiting nearby stars, lifted off at 5:51pm CDT Wednesday on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
6787	Testosterone therapy restores the sex drive in women by increasing the level of testosterone in the body.
6788	Test skills, learn new strategies and meet fellow chest enthusiasts.
6789	Texas Tech is a Final Four sleeper but they’ll have a tough matchup with Purdue, even without Isaac Haas.
6790	Texas Values also argues that individuals, particularly small business owners, have a right to refuse to participate in or lend support to same-sex marriages, and demand that transgender people use bathrooms corresponding to their assigned sex at birth.
6791	TFA mentioned his bucket list to.
6792	Thankfully, since meeting my boyfriend I have never had to assist him during a seizure.
6793	Thanks for being here.”
6794	Thanks Teddy for all the uplifting songs when we were in the pits.
6795	Thanks to donations from sailing clubs, foundations, Copenhagen Municipality and private individuals, the fort was saved from financial ruin, 3,600 wildflowers were planted and the piers rebuilt.
6796	Thanks to the recent Israeli intelligence coup, we may now know how close Iran had come to building a nuclear weapon and, therefore, what the break-out time can be, with and without cheating.
6797	Thanks to WWE’s purchase of the ECW trademarks from Heyman, the Dudleyz were no longer allowed to use their ring names, instead re-branding themselves as Team 3D.
6798	Thank you Alice and Betty.
6799	Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record – not good!”
6800	Thank you for being a role model and chasing your dreams relentlessly!
6801	Thank you for the challenge.
6802	Thank you PHPD.
6803	Thank you so much, Mike.
6804	"Thank you to all our dedicated users for contributing to Miitomo," it said in a statement.
6805	That all changed at lunch last Thursday.
6806	That, and the glowing physical report he gave Donald Trump — a poster boy for hardening of the arteries — make him suspect in this veteran’s eyes.
6807	That audit, which was presented separately from the first, was much less contentious.
6808	That being said if you’re not planning on buying a new car anytime soon, not to worry as there are several aftermarket solutions that you can go for.
6809	That being said, the use of diverse and interesting material herein and the obvious joy in some of the combinations does render this collection worthwhile – the enemies herein *will* be challenging for your group.
6810	That came from the rust on the interior.
6811	That campaign is designed to bring Kim Jong Un to the table for meaningful negations.”
6812	That certainly sounds to me like saving a Hollywood star from an evil cult, if by "Hollywood star” they mean an actress’s unknown daughter, and if by “saving” they mean sending an email that’s ignored.
6813	That concept makes those structures attractive for investors, who can live atop the revenue-producing property in the large penthouse and rent out the first- and second-floor units, or use them for family members, Monteith said.
6814	That could be part of an awesome slide-show "Faces of Bad Decisions."
6815	That data can be used by the company to sell targeted advertising.
6816	That figure has fallen sharply over the weekend, having stood at 474 on Friday.
6817	That game is away.
6818	That heroin must be a real sob.
6819	That he wasn’t dead; he just hadn’t yet made it home.
6820	That image contrasts with Williams’ days at Skowhegan High School, where a yearbook showed he once served as a class officer.
6821	That, in and of itself, should lead to a relatively high degree of variance for the Silver and Black.
6822	That includes pollution originating on land, like plastic bottles, shopping bags, crisp packets, cigarette lighters and cellophane wrappers.
6823	That is another rendition of the profligacy in the midst of an unrelenting unemployment crisis, where a select few are given ill-defined, munificent jobs and lots of perks to go with.
6824	That is a trillion Naira question.
6825	That is exactly how tourism turned into overtourism.
6826	"That is impossible.
6827	“That is not what we’re doing,” adding that the U.S. owes Turkey an explanation.
6828	That is one of the reasons why confidence in the work that you are doing has risen so high.
6829	That is real education.
6830	That is the battle royale style mode that promises characters, weapons, and vehicles from the Black Ops franchise.
6831	That is, unless you count the one or two that were burned to a crisp during the project.
6832	That is, until it was shutdown by George Bush’s neocon hatchet men.
6833	That is why he returned to that hotel.
6834	That is why there is a need for a workers’ party that can organise our own class against the nationalist parties of the capitalists.
6835	That is why we have all come together to safeguard the democracy and the country,” he added.
6836	That itself is a violation of human rights,” lawyer Koji Niisato, co-representative of the group, told an event in Tokyo on Sunday marking the establishment of the body.
6837	That leaves him $4,000 short of his $5,000 goal.
6838	That leaves Mini teammates Brad Liebenberg and Devin Robertson, VW Golf GTI trio Charl Smalberger, Adrian Wood and Trevor Bland and Dayne Angelâ€™s Honda Civic Type R, among others looking to celebrate defeating Masters at the Kyalami Festival.
6839	That link was open for about 2 minutes and adblock showed 172 ads blocked.
6840	That means being alert like never before, experts say.
6841	That means it’s only prudent to consider what you can do now in advance of even more increases.
6842	That means the Cowboys have made the anticipated move with Jones, who spent most of his first three seasons at free safety.
6843	That means we can spend less on Danish refugee centres and instead invest the money in sustainable development in some of the world’s poorest countries to give people hope for the future where they live,” said the development minister, Ulla Tørnæs.
6844	That means we need to get creative in the exotic wagers such as the exacta, trifecta and superfecta to have a chance at a potential windfall.
6845	“That means you don’t trust him.
6846	That moral bill of health may not be any worse than that of the media moguls of yesteryear, but it is important to keep in mind, particularly because in 2018, there are few better ways to polish a reputation than by buying a newspaper.
6847	That much water over that short of a period means that the overflow is sent directly into the streams and into the lake.
6848	That page could not be found.
6849	That phrase, which may strike some young American ears as an archaism if not an oxymoron, is worth unpacking, and Amis provides readers with a pocket account of the historical preconditions of his extravagant fame.
6850	That plan, for another serious championship run, will likely be executed in the next two to three years.
6851	“That probably is funding that wouldn’t go to science otherwise,” Handelsman says, “so I think it’s a wonderful way to make the public engaged and also raise more money for the project.”
6852	That question of “Should we?” is usually answered by a projection of share value rather than cultural impact.
6853	That ranged from your timeline posts to your friends' photos and religious and political views.
6854	That rate is a discount over the regular price for these items, which includes fitness trackers and smartwatches, televisions, digital cameras, and more.
6855	That request is still pending.”
6856	That's £169 million a week.
6857	That's $39 off list and a great price for Levi's shorts.
6858	That's a couple of hours.
6859	That said, the datamine seemed to suggest that Special Research would be live before the end of July.
6860	That said, those didn’t exactly translate into profits, much to Nintendo’s disappointment.
6861	“That’s all I really wanted just to win.”
6862	That’s a significant raise for the 32-year-old, who made just $1.7 million in salary in 2017.
6863	That scoring has come in big ways too, tallying two games at 20-plus points alongside a double-double against Lancaster Bible College.
6864	That seems like an uphill battle for this set of defendants.
6865	That seems to be the 34-year-old’s mantra with Portugal at big tournaments.
6866	That’s four respected publications all giving the same take on the situation.
6867	That's how this book came about.
6868	That’s kind of the main issue here.
6869	That's lake, river, or ocean water.
6870	That’s not how Elgin officials viewed it.
6871	That’s not how to win any modern conflict, let alone a conflict based on information… which is all of them now.
6872	“That’s not the answer for everything.”
6873	“That’s not to say we haven’t been impacted by the red tide.
6874	“That’s one of the things I know Cam got from that meeting with coach.
6875	That sort of ambient, heavy, goth-ish vibe is just the latest chapter in this ever-evolving band's career.
6876	That’s the hurdle we have to get over, mentally, because we haven’t been challenged with that yet.
6877	"That's their data.
6878	That’s the kind of woman she is, and watching that, as a child, I was baffled, because I was like, “What about you?
6879	That’s the one and only reason this satirical, take-no-prisoners comedy set in the world of competitive battle rap didn’t land in my top 10 of the year.
6880	That’s the way it should be if we want to lay the seeds for a technological future that’s even a fraction as evolved as Wakanda’s.
6881	“That’s what it’s all about in this league.
6882	“That’s what’s changed over the last few years—particularly the larger producers have been concentrating on quality, with a significant degree of success,” he said.
6883	That’s what they really need.”
6884	“That’s what we saw a lot of (Tuesday).”
6885	That’s when a fight broke out.
6886	That’s when all was going to plan.
6887	That’s when the bus was hit by a dump truck that was traveling in the center lane, killing 10-year-old Miranda Vargas and 51-year-old Jennifer Williamson.
6888	That’s where you thought the narrative was going, that she’d come in and be like, “hey, stick ’em up.”
6889	That’s why Luca Guadagnino’s remake of was such a welcome surprise.
6890	That’s why the Grab/Uber news is big.
6891	That’s why there are various books on the topic such as Nancy L. Mace and Peter V. Rabins’ The 36-Hour Day: A Family Guide to Caring for People Who Have Alzheimer Disease, Related Dementias, and Memory Loss.
6892	That’s why we are making a significant investment in our communities to develop our brilliant leisure facilities.
6893	“That’s why we started PERIOD at UC Davis.”
6894	“that’s why you get the plate of baconz on the side.”
6895	“That tells you a lot about him right there, because I’ve had the chance to work with him, and he’s a hard worker, man,” Ramirez said of Martinez.
6896	That temptation I resisted, but hardly heroically: fact is, I didn’t even look out.
6897	“That took us to Kansas City where we lived for seven years.
6898	"That was a great blindside and I honestly didn't really see it coming, so hats off to them," id following his ouster.
6899	That was also my freshman year of high school, and I was invested in a full reinvention of the middle school me, which meant shunning drama for band.
6900	That was definitely the tale of the tape for the game.
6901	That was double the combined total amount ($36 million) allocated in 2014 ($15.3 million) and 2015 ($20.7 million).
6902	That was the highlight of his night.
6903	That was their first shot of the period.
6904	That was when I realised that the situation wasn’t the usual.
6905	That, we know, and here is another example of it.
6906	That will add enough minutes to avoid his speech being called a non-event.
6907	That will be the legacy of Trump to the historians in the future.
6908	That will come, however, with more accountability and a simplification of the funding formula.
6909	That will have to wait until Apple’s speaker begins shipping in early February.
6910	That would be terrible if Landry had to play a season of football for 15 million.
6911	That would represent a real problem for the national broadcaster.
6912	The 14-member delegation who arrived in Accra are expected to gain on-the-ground insight into investment opportunities in Ghana.
6913	The $15,000 grant to Interfaith Community Services will support the Carlsbad Family Self-Sufficiency Program, which provides residents with access to comprehensive programs that empower local youth and families to lead independent and thriving lives.
6914	The 16th annual AFI Docs festival and conference has unveiled its final lineup.
6915	The 1920s-1940s are a huge inspiration in my wardrobe, and playing with the modern day style of Ann Taylor.
6916	The 19-year-old under-rotated a triple toe loop in her first combination jump and a triple lutz at the beginning of her three-combo jump later.
6917	The 2015 motion that the government carried was for very specific action.
6918	The 2016 Coed Softball season, sponsored by the Eastern Rio Blanco Metropolitan Recreation and Park District, started Monday with games played on both Paintbrush Park fields.
6919	The 2018/19 round of the Climate Challenge Fund comprises £14.3 million from the Scottish Government and £1 million of EU funding.
6920	The 2018-2019 Loveland Yearbook is available for purchase online through Josten’s.
6921	The 20-year-old Hannoun has 11 points in the last eight games against P.G. dating back to last season.
6922	The 21-year-old added she’d seen “a lot of crazy wonderful things” at the ceremony, saying she “almost cried” after meeting Stevie Nicks and noting that “Jay-Z’s hands are really soft”.
6923	The 25-year-old had an outstanding 2017/18 season, where he played over 50 games for the club who won the Europa Cup.
6924	The 25-year-old scored both goals in the 2-0 win over Iceland in Volgograd on Friday, which lifted Nigeria into second in Group D, reports goal.
6925	The 27-year-old spent last season at Swedish lower tier side Umeå FC.
6926	The 30-year-old is quoted by the Daily Mail as saying: “Liverpool is going to be completely different.
6927	The 3.32 million year old foot of an Australopithecus afarensis toddler shown in different angles.
6928	The 35-year-old is not under contract for the 2019 season, but he has played 12 campaigns for Carolina.
6929	The 36-year-old is a lot like his counterpart, tech savant Richard Hendricks, in that way (season five of the HBO series premieres March 25).
6930	The 403(b) plans are much better for many educators in New Orleans now, and many teachers are able to invest in simple index funds.
6931	The 488 Pista is powered by a 720-horsepower engine that, it claims, will hit 60 in less than 3 seconds.
6932	The 54-year-old Boone is a Fulbright scholar, now teaching at the University of Ghana.
6933	The 5-episode interactive series will come to the streaming service this fall.
6934	The 6-part series follows the boys to London, Paris, Amsterdam, Italy, Budapest, and Berlin.
6935	The 70-metre escape tunnel starting inside a prison toilet dug by inmates.
6936	The 7Ms are Mindset Change, Mastery, Mentoring, Money, Machine, Market Access, and Models of Negosyo.
6937	The 88-year-old was stunned to see all of the current and retired officers who came to say goodbye during her grand retirement celebration.
6938	The ability to create complex ceramic materials also enable consumers to tailor individually designed ceramic mobile phone back plates.
6939	The absence of political will made their task easier.
6940	The accident occurred Friday on a state highway near Heber, about 15 miles (25 kilometers) south of Park City.
6941	The accounts averaged $271 per post, and the average follower count was 63,000.
6942	The accused then assaulted the victim and stabbed him with a knife.
6943	The accused was held in custody pending a bail hearing at the Ontario Court of Justice in Lindsay.
6944	The accuser still works for the Secretary of State's office, but she is no longer Schedler's executive assistant.
6945	The actor revealed how he was able to break into the Hollywood scene with the movie, ‘Star Wars: Force Awakens.’
6946	The actress says it will bring closure to all the stories in an exciting but heartbreaking way.
6947	The actual bullet-torn door from Zito’s house was shown to the jury, as well as several short videos showing possible paths of the bullet up the basement stairwell.
6948	The additional building, which was opened to the public in 2014, features a large HO model railroad attraction with four operating trains, a blimp, trolley, monorail and hot-air balloon as well as an animated carnival and an animated circus.
6949	The Adivasis claim there are only nine aboriginal tribes in the State, incorporated through Article 342: Koya, Gond (or Raj Gond), Konda Reddi, Chenchu, Pardhan, Kolam, Naikpod, Thotti and Mannewars.
6950	The administration aims to advance the development of low-yield nuclear weapons in an effort to deter regional aggression, according to the pre-decisional NPR draft obtained by the publication.
6951	“The AFC is in full preparation mode for LGE, including hosting meetings in the various constituencies and identifying potential candidates who will be subject to a rigorous internal vetting process before official appointment.
6952	The African artist/producer drops a party-starting EP full of bangers.
6953	The agency announced in September its EDGAR corporate filing system hacked 2016 and may have been used for insider trading.
6954	The agency has an account with with number 1007540119 and a account with number 2023788057.
6955	The Aggies took a one-point lead into the break.
6956	The aging ice house building, along with older trees, will be razed.
6957	The airline had a total debt of Rs 9,430 crore as of March 2018, according to Bloomberg data.
6958	The airline last week secured additional frequency to Mombasa, which will now see it fly twice a day between Addis Ababa and the coastal city, following discussion between the two countries during Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali’s visit to Nairobi.
6959	The airport in the capital of Brasilia was only allowing planes to land that were carrying enough fuel to take off again.
6960	"The airport is open and operating today but due to the above we still advise any passenger due to travel today to check the status of their flight with their airline.
6961	The Alabama Department of Commerce’s Office of International Trade helps businesses across the state identify and penetrate foreign markets for their homegrown products.
6962	The album moves through moments of joy, lightheartedness, moments of pause, reflection, and some somber moments of quiet and lamentation.
6963	The alleged shooter, a former student, was armed with smoke grenades and multiple weapons, including an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle.
6964	The Alpha Capricornids can also put on a streaking light show for Earth observers as small rocks enter our planet's atmosphere.
6965	The American Farm Bureau Federation found that average egg prices are 37 percent higher than this time last year.
6966	The American is looking very nifty indeed.
6967	The amount of damage is not known at the moment.
6968	The Amsterdam mayor also criticized the limited diversity of cannabis and hashish included in the experiment - 15 to 20 different types of hash and weed.
6969	The ANC joined the call on police and security agencies in these countries to find the perpetrators of these “heinous and backwards acts” and to bring them to book.
6970	The A.N.C. was split in two factions.
6971	The animal kingdom is full of creatures with unique acts of love; that's what this list is about.
6972	The Anniston Star shouldn’t be expected to defend Alex Jones, nor shouldn’t anyone.
6973	“The announcement that Jamie Dimon was potentially staying for five additional years as CEO should end speculation that he may leave for political office or political appointments in the near term,” wrote Keefe Bruyette and Woods analysts on Monday.
6974	The announcers show us stills from Shane’s involvement in the Fastlane main event on Sunday.
6975	“The anonymous accuser alleged that Justice Kavanaugh and a friend had raped her ‘several times each’ in the backseat of a car.
6976	The answer is often absolutely nothing, sometimes it seems not even their names.
6977	The appeal was heard by the full bench of the CCJ of which there was one dissenting judgment.
6978	The applicant must be the undergraduate child or grandchild of a retired university employee and must demonstrate a financial need.
6979	The area feels so disconnected from other parts of the city and there’s not really much to do for the residents living there.
6980	The area still has more than its share of challenges.
6981	The area was later captured by troops loyal to Assad.
6982	The army and popular forces burnt 43 weapon stores of the enemy and its mercenaries in 2017.
6983	The Army estimates $4 billion is spent each year due to injuries, non-deployable Soldiers, accidents and other health-related costs.
6984	The Army needs great NCOs who live the Army Values day in and day out, Guthrie said.
6985	The Arrangement's Christine Evangelista Joins Flo Rida for 'Wild Ones' Duet!
6986	The Artesia man was arrested late Sunday afternoon, that’s when deputies started investigating the case.
6987	The article quotes Patrick Megaro: “I’m just hoping that somebody, somewhere — whether that’s in the White House or across the street at the Supreme Court — sees that this particular sentence is complete madness.”
6988	The Asheville site will also feature a “massive solar farm” on the original plant’s 45-acre coal ash basin, according to Walls.
6989	The Asian Films Series at Seattle Art Museum screens “Sonata” by Aparna Sen on Jan.
6990	The Asou Square venue, which was based at Derek Walcott Square, also spread across to Constitution Park.
6991	The assessment exercise was conducted as the state government is under pressure from the construction industry to reduce premiums payable for availing additional floor space index (FSI) and compensatory fungible FSI in various development schemes.
6992	The association called on people to apply to the Communications Center of the Presidency (CİMER) to demand the removal of the stage and make the Palace of Lausos a public space.
6993	“The association members have spoken, and I am signing myself as DNA chairperson,” he said.
6994	The Association of Early Childhood Educators of Alberta will use the money to tour the province and speak with educators, especially those in remote areas.
6995	The astronomers land on the moon and take in the scenery, most notably Earth rising in the distance.
6996	The ATLAS collaboration has that it has seen enough proton collisions and resulting bottom quarks to warrant an announcement of the discovery at the 2018 International Conference on High Energy Physics (ICHEP) in Seoul, South Korea.
6997	The auction’s winner will have it specially crafted for them and it will be made to fit up to a US size 5. The auction will take place at Design Miami on December 5th at 7PM EST.
6998	The auditions require no preparation and are done in a group, but that the best candidates for auditioning are young swashbucklers who know when to swash and when to hold their buckles.
6999	The authorities should consider the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) -type approach as in the UK to strengthen open banking led by the top eight banks and/or FinTech firms by market share.
7000	The auxiliary also presented a $10,000 contribution for Abingdon’s EMS operations.
7001	The avatar tells them: "I am made of you.
7002	The AV Grange second Sunday Pancake Breakfast is June 10 from 8.30-11am.
7003	The awards acknowledge MRC’s outstanding facility, programs and staff as leaders in the tennis community.
7004	The awards were for Best Sovereign Bond in Africa – three billion dollars Dual-Tranche (10 and 30 year) Eurobonds issued in Nov. 2017.
7005	The Ayawaso West Wuogon seat became vacant following the death of Emmanuel Agyarko in November 2018 in the United States, where he had gone to seek treatment for an ailment.
7006	The Azmin administration claims it is a win-win situation.
7007	The backstop is designed to protect the Northern Ireland peace process by preventing the return of customs posts and checkpoints at the Irish border, in the event a future UK-EU trade deal was not agreed.
7008	The Bahniman Brahmaputra River Heritage project, which has an official budget of 9.86 crores, includes an exhibition space, housed in the heritage bungalow itself, an amphitheatre, a new administrative block, a cafeteria and two external jetties.
7009	The ball carried about 30 yards before nearing the Liverpool star.
7010	The ball wasn’t coming that well onto the bat here,” he said.
7011	The band's new album is unapologitically political, with the lyrics being very here and now.
7012	The Barrow government has a real opportunity to be different from its failed predecessors.
7013	The bartender returned to the bar without seeing the two suspects.
7014	The basic materials company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.01.
7015	The basketball comedy, directed by Charles Stone III (), centers on Howery's character Ray who desperately wants to win a basketball tournament and stumbles upon the legend Uncle Drew (Kyrie Irving).
7016	“The Battle of Mosul, a nine-month slog, blending U.S. and coalition precision weapons with Iraqi frontal attacks against an ensconced and determined enemy, precisely leveled the city one building at a time,” Fox writes.
7017	The BBC cited police saying the man was suspected of trespassing and that the incident was not considered terror-related.
7018	The BBQ Park is all about flavor as you have the pleasure of working both a charcoal and a gas grill so you can taste the difference.
7019	The beans were spilled?
7020	The Bears surged ahead one more time at 64-63, but the rest of the night belonged to Stokes.
7021	The beating aggravated an old back injury, leaving Safaa paralyzed with pain on the airport floor.
7022	The beauty of this situation is that energy is a notoriously cyclical business, and it's times like this where investors can make a lot of money buying stocks now and waiting until the market turns.
7023	The Bel Air Town Commissioners postponed a vote Monday night that would put restrictions on trash pickup throughout the town during the overnight hours.
7024	The Belize Defense Force today celebrated its 40th anniversary.
7025	The bench said “You want insurance policy, you go to aprivate company.
7026	The Bensonhurst high school was the only all-girls school to participate in the unique program.
7027	The Berejiklian government will buy pockets of private land in the Southern Highlands, Port Stephens, Port Macquarie, and far north-east NSW under plans to preserve key koala habitats.
7028	The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works is an international agreement on copyright issues that was first accepted in Berne, Switzerland in 1886.
7029	The best animated short Oscar was awarded to “Dear Basketball,” making former Lakers superstar Kobe Bryant an Oscar winner.
7030	The best I’ve ever done there is fifth and eighth in the high jump, and that’s where it’s like a regular Olympics.
7031	The best part is that he made the guy sit there in hand cuffs while he read out the ruling in the civil case (it was a farkin' collections case, for the record) before he had the bailiff haul him off to the poke.
7032	The best performing stock in the S&P 500 this year isn’t Google or Nvidia or Domino’s, but AMD—a chipmaker that’s recently changed its strategy to chipping away Intel’s data-center revenue.
7033	The best way to celebrate the first day of spring, or anything for that matter is with music!
7034	The best you are able to achieve here in Nigeria at the moment is the assembly of elevators.
7035	The better, more human way to use paid media is to take a customer-first approach when crafting your marketing content, then use paid media to drive distribution.
7036	The biggest near-term concerns about the coming news drop have less to do with Chinese investment restrictions and more to do with Trump export controls.
7037	The Big Lead’s PM Sports Roundup, which is betting we still won’t know what is an actual catch.
7038	The Big Orange also defeated then No. 21 Auburn on the road back on Oct. 13. The Vols are one of just nine teams in college football this season that have won two or more games against ranked opponents while being unranked.
7039	The big problem was lack of basic information on both sides.
7040	The billboards are running now.
7041	The bill is a revival of a failed 2015 plan to cut the maximum benefits to 13 weeks if the state’s jobless rate is below 6 percent.
7042	The bill, which was considered for second reading, suffered a setback when several lawmakers across party lines who spoke in the debate on it, raised various issues against the amendment.
7043	The biology department’s Dr. Rick Lehtinen recently discovered his sixth new species: a plant-breeding frog.
7044	The bishop said what is important now is for politicians to look around and find out which of the parties that will move the nation forward and then join the bandwagon.
7045	The bison patty itself, best not cooked more than medium, plays almost a supporting role in this spicy combination on a toasted bun, with the house-cured bacon serving as the cherry on top.
7046	The Black And White Minstrel Show was a prime time BBC series that ran from 1958 until 1978.
7047	The Blackburn manager, Kenny Dalglish, met Keane at the end of the season.
7048	The blast, from the most luminous star known in our galaxy, released almost as much energy as a typical supernova explosion that would have left behind a stellar corpse.
7049	The blaze displaced three adults and one child.
7050	The blue 2008 Hyundai Sonata was still parked outside Jackson Park Hospital's emergency room Monday morning as a Chicago police squad car stood watch.
7051	The BNP is entirely dependent for leadership on the Zia family.”
7052	The board is required to meet two times a year, but have not since President Trump took office a year ago.
7053	The Board of our local water conservancy has consisted, for several years now, of a group of friends dedicated to building a reservoir in a parched valley northeast of the Town of Pagosa Springs — whether the voters like it or not.
7054	The board will convene quarterly, though committees will be appointed on an annual basis.
7055	The boat has been built by the members of 'Surfers Against Sewage' to show the increasing amount of plastic in the seas.
7056	The body of former President Professor George Maxwell Richards will lie in state for a second day today, this time at the National Academy for the Performing Arts (NAPA) from 10 am to 5 pm.
7057	The book also includes the words of abortion providers who believe in the work they do for women.
7058	The book is almost completely free of medical jargon, although it deals with complicated issues.
7059	The book is available in Tortola at Mellow Moods Café, J&C Trading, and from the author.
7060	The BOV Premier League relegation battle reaches its decisive end this evening when Mosta, St Andrews, Tarxien Rainbows and Naxxar Lions will look to avoid from joining Lija Athletic in Division One next season.
7061	The Boxing Day surge was a much-needed reprieve for the exchange, which is having its worst December since the Great Depression.
7062	The boys were only X at the time and had never met in person.
7063	The brand says: “I believe in God in a cool way,” says Kayla MaDonna, 27, at the firm’s 2,300-square-foot warehouse in downtown Atlanta.
7064	The bride is a graduate of Ferrum College and UNC and Brian is a graduate from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.
7065	The British public want to see Khan against Brook and I want to make it happen.
7066	The Broad is a symbol of the new, "hipsterish" downtown.
7067	The Brookings Institution also considers national interests to be necessary to the security and wellbeing of a nation.
7068	The BSF Director General (DG), who recently toured the area, had said that the situation along the IB here was “very tense” and his men were on a high alert.
7069	The BSU defense held SDSU to 19 points, but it seemed like a million with Boise’s inability to score.
7070	The Bucs overpaid for him and the Giants happily took advantage …a 3rd round pick AND they cleared some cap space.
7071	“The budget fell short of what the ordinary man and business were expecting in terms of clarity on the currency issue,” Mutasa said.
7072	The budget presentation was broken down into two versions, one with council and department head requests and the other a baseline budget.
7073	The Buffs are coming off a hard fought win last week and could be a little more fatigued than usual.
7074	“The building is prohibited from being occupied until some building and safety issues are addressed, and Council is working with the owner to ensure the building is kept secure in the meantime”
7075	The Bulgarian side showed great interest in ongoing reforms in Uzbekistan in the sphere of liberalization of foreign trade and simplification of tax and customs procedures.
7076	The burgeoning superhero franchise has already introduced a number of characters, but the likes of Hal Jordan, John Stewart, and the rest of the Lantern Corps. have yet to be seen.
7077	The businessman said the government had allocated over 13 acres of land to the public and then claimed that it was surrendered.
7078	The business mogul said the restructuring of the country was more important at this point than the 2019 general elections.
7079	The business services provider reported $2.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.66 by $0.02.
7080	The cables also include memorandums of conversations with leaders in Saudi Arabia, Israel and other countries that were shared across the European Union, according to the report.
7081	TheCable: You seem to have dedicated most of your time to volunteering; did this inform your decision to go into local politics?
7082	The calf appears to attack the vehicle, causing its occupants to flee, but after a moment the pachyderm ran over to its herd, which was waiting nearby.
7083	The California Highway Patrol had set up a roadblock and wasn’t letting anyone up the mountain.
7084	The California resident has now visited 24 states to honor veterans at cemeteries.
7085	The caller claimed that an intoxicated individual had slit their own wrists.
7086	The caller reported coming upon the crash scene while walking a dog.
7087	The callers raised bread-and-butter issues that any democratic politician might expect to face – hospital waiting times, school exams, small business regulations – but Mr Erdogan’s face darkened as he answered.
7088	The Cal Poly Civil and Environmental Engineering Department announced on their they are taking up a cash collection to support Pina’s family during this difficult time.
7089	The camera and sound crew were amazing at what they do.
7090	The camera lump on the back is under 1mm tall.
7091	The Canadian Foodgrains Bank, Mercer Seeds Ltd, and Viterra celebrate a successful crop donation to help combat world hunger.
7092	The Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) — the industry’s regulator — has been ordered by the federal government to look into allegations of misleading and aggressive sales practices in the telecommunication industry.
7093	The candidate called on women and youths to ensure they elect the right people into office come 2019.
7094	The capitulation was unexpected as Quins had looked the better team for the first hour, scoring a second excellent try through Luke Wallace.
7095	The Carbon Flat Products segment sells and distributes processed carbon and coated flat-rolled sheets, coil and plate products, and fabricated parts.
7096	The Cardinals have already beaten a pair of ranked foes and visit Notre Dame next Saturday.
7097	The card was sent to your doorstep daily or 2 medical marijuana doctor later, contingent on the service you’re employing.
7098	The care team is happy to see the girls finally end this chapter of their medical journey.
7099	The car I had was also decked out with all of the G70's options, ballooning the price by over $10,000 but adding features like a well-designed heads-up display, nineteen-inch wheels, heated seats, and a sunroof.
7100	The case is currently being argued in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas before Judge Reed O’Connor, who is almost certainly going to rule in favor of the plaintiffs.
7101	The case remains open, and authorities are looking at several suspects.
7102	The case was prosecuted by Deputy Attorney General David Morse in the Attorney General’s Special Prosecutions Unit.
7103	The catastrophic blaze amplified calls for improvements to fire prevention and suppression in First Nations communities.
7104	The cause of the incident has not been confirmed.
7105	The caution with which she parses my questions is therefore unsurprising.
7106	“The Cayman Islands Government is committed to safeguarding public access to the beach for locals, residents and visitors.”
7107	The celebrations also marked the king’s 50th birthday.
7108	The center is offering a $5,000, six-month fidelity bond through a U.S. Department of Labor program.
7109	The centerpiece of the complaint are allegations – dating back to 1996 – against Jeff Kruse, who resigned earlier this year in the wake of more recent harassment allegations from fellow legislators.
7110	The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has said the Nigeria-China currency swap deal would not cover the importation of the 41 items banned in its 2015 circular on items not valid for foreign exchange.
7111	The Central Bank of The Gambia has denied reports of a fire outbreak at the Bank.
7112	The Chainsmokers and Coldplay, “Something Just Like This”
7113	The challenge is in accomplishing this in ways that are effective and fair—and seen to be effective and fair for everyone.
7114	The challenge of producing enough of the seaweed is staggering, leading Goldman to call it an “aquatic moonshot.”
7115	The challenge to “Dance in forbidden locations”—in hidden places where there are no dancing signs—is cute, but tempting to just look up online.
7116	The champions defeated MSAâ€™s Hand and Furtado 11-4 in their Semi-Final, while the Somersfield duo defeated Warwickâ€™s second team of Richmond and Betts 11-7 to reach the Final.
7117	The Championship club were only too happy to cut him adrift in the January transfer window when Murty, who had coached him in the Midlands, came calling, believing the wide player deserved better.
7118	The changes, which become law when published in the Royal Gazette, legalize the production, import, export, possession and use of marijuana and kratom products for medical purposes.
7119	The change, with the county being redistricted into three districts, was mandated by a 2016 public vote for a Local government Study Commission recommendation.
7120	The character I play keep making this young man and his father, played by Sanjai Mishra, met several women but something or the other goes wrong every time and it gives rise to a comic situation in the film.
7121	The characters read “Piece of Cloud.”
7122	The charismatic, slick talking, social king that’s able to right any wrong turn back on course through gray area means.
7123	The cheerful, slightly fey English comedian may not be a household name here but he clearly appeals to the British masses as this 2009 appearance to a packed Wembley Stadium shows.
7124	The cheeses were local as well as sustainable, and were accompanied by compotes, chutneys, and artisanal breads.
7125	The Chief Imam of Ilorin, Sheikh Mohammed Bashir led the Jabazah prayer that preceded internment.
7126	The Chiefs lost kick returner Akeem Hunt to an injury last weekend against Denver, and special teams coach Dave Toub said Hill could return against the Titans.
7127	The children ranged in age from 5 to 14, according to the report.
7128	The Chinese move appeared to be a warning shot aimed at increasing domestic US pressure on Trump by making clear which exporters, including farm areas that voted for the president in 2016, might be hurt.
7129	The chip, Samsung claims, boasts sequential read speeds of 860 MB/s and sequential writes of 255 MB/s, and the firm says it's intended for "next generation" mobile devices, likely a sign that it'll debut inside next year's Galaxy S9.
7130	The choir is one of the oldest continuously performing co-educational collegiate ensembles in the United States.
7131	The circus is in town!"
7132	The Citizenship by Investment Programme (CIP) requires a person to make a significant economic contribution to the country in which they desire to become a citizen.
7133	“The City apologizes for any inconvenience caused during this time and urges all motorists to use caution when traveling in the affected area.”
7134	The city has released a number of road closures ahead of the Eagles Championship Celebration.
7135	The City of Reykjavík has announced that winter curfew hours for young people are now in effect.
7136	The city recently launched real-time streaming of all City Council meetings, which air live on Grand Haven’s YouTube channel.
7137	The city’s university hospital called on citizens to donate blood Saturday night to help them.
7138	The claim that they paid N20,000 as bail payment is not true because they were released on the orders of the Rector of the academy, with a directive that they must appear at the Police station every day until their case will be charged to court.
7139	The class will be available in Meeker later this month.
7140	The class will begin Sept. 5, 2018, and will take place on Wednesdays through the fall semester.
7141	“The cleavage is between those who support sovereignty and those who support Europe.
7142	The clergy in the room came from places such as Cleveland, Washington, DC, Arkansas, Chicago and Detroit; all cities that have a significant number of Black folks.
7143	The Clerk position did not have a candidate, but there were 12 write in votes.
7144	The clerk was stabbed after trying to fight off the robber.
7145	The closer that I got to orientation and the closer that the semester got I was on edge.
7146	The closer to home your beer comes from the smaller the carbon footprint it takes to brew, ferment, package, and ship to us compared to buying beer from a large domestic brewery located in California.
7147	“The coaches look at it over the season, the passes and the areas I pass it into.
7148	The college did list the public forum on its official calendar.
7149	“The color spectrum of flora and fauna is unlike anything I have ever seen, and you definitely see all those colors reflected in the artwork,” he explains.
7150	The colour discrimination in the toys can manipulate the idea of gender roles set by the society in children at a tender age.
7151	The combined total of 515 units is down slightly from the 556 the county created or preserved last year, though up from 2016’s total of 322 homes.
7152	The comments are gold, Jerry!
7153	The comments came hours after Shaun Abrahams‚ the national director at the National Prosecuting Authority‚ announced that Zuma’s latest bid to stop his corruption prosecution had failed.
7154	The commission will be made up of two members from the council, two from the chamber, two local business people and one at-large position.
7155	“The committee has been in rounds of deliberations in the past few days and these discussions are still ongoing.
7156	The committees discharged of the bills are House Committees on Health Services; Capital Market and Institutions; Ports, Harbours and Waterways; Aids, Loans and Debt Management; Industry; Telecommunications; and Commerce.
7157	The Committee to Elect Jeff Gahler is pleased to announce that Sheriff Jeffrey R. Gahler has received the endorsement of the Metropolitan Baltimore Council of the AFL – CIO to serve a second term as the Sheriff of Harford County.
7158	“The community has come together and spoken loud and clear,” Mayor Herb Castle said in a news release.
7159	The companies retail stores will be limited across Canada.
7160	The companies were working on remedies after “some researchers found a way to use existing architecture and get into protected areas of computer memory and read some of the data,” he added.
7161	The Company Army was admittedly much smaller (about 900 soldiers, including Mahars, Marathas, Rajputs, Muslims, and Jews), but the battle was decisively won by Company forces.
7162	The company began as TST Media Inc. and did not seem destined for greatness; potential investors did not see youth sports as a particularly lucrative market.
7163	The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $23.
7164	The company for a year or so is using the old fashioned way by trying to beat Reliance Jio at its own game with low priced tariff plans and it has not only managed to keep its subscribers but also increased.
7165	The company has a current ratio of 2.07, a quick ratio of 1.78 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.99.
7166	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 5.51, a current ratio of 2.92 and a quick ratio of 2.92.
7167	The company has already merged its Chinese business with Didi Chuxing, a ride-sharing giant which has funded several of Uber's competitors.
7168	The company has a quick ratio of 0.78, a current ratio of 1.07 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.35.
7169	The company has a quick ratio of 1.02, a current ratio of 1.35 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.59.
7170	The company has reported five straight quarters of net income and is expanding into new technologies such as high-resolution televisions known as 8K, which the company says display images 16 times the resolution of HD TVs.
7171	The company has since improved its systems to better identify misleading information, offensive results, and unsupported conspiracy theories in order to prevent such information from being displayed in a featured snippet.
7172	The company offered to complete the evaluation and the ear mold at no cost to Houck, to thank him for his service.
7173	“The company prepared a wesbite and a cryptocurrency wallet for them.
7174	The company’s bank lenders were considering a last-ditch appeal to fund a rescue plan, according to Sky News, but accountancy firm EY is standing ready to manage a potential administration process, which could be triggered as soon as Monday morning.
7175	The company’s operations serve 425 million telecom end-users through 27 call centres in 13 Sub-Saharan countries, South Africa and India.
7176	The company staff will also receive transportation passes and exclusive mentoring.
7177	The company wants to see a government body established to monitor the opaque algorithms that power these platforms.
7178	The Complete Guide to Patoranking’s New Album, ‘God Over Everything’
7179	The concept of praxis is proper to society, as an expression of the synthesis of determinism and human intervention.
7180	The concert takes place in TDC main hall on Wednesday, August 22.
7181	The condition of the man involved has not been released.
7182	The condition of the road is terrible.
7183	The connections you create during these experiences can provide you with a host of benefits, including references and opportunities to work on programs and projects.
7184	The construction adhesives market in the MEA region is driven by increasing infrastructural projects and urbanization.
7185	The contaminated cell block has been cleared, and all persons from the contaminated area have been temporarily relocated within the facility.
7186	The contemporary philosopher Andrea Nye suggests that Weil also throws a bracing light on the debate over abortion.
7187	The contest runs from July 1 to September 3, 2018, and the winner will be announced in October 2018.
7188	The contract will provide maintenance, repair and rebuilding services to the Army's Aviation and Missile Command.
7189	The control of multi-user traffic, both uplink and downlink, along with the new OFDMA feature and enhancements to multi-user MIMO, offer more opportunities for deterministic QoS.
7190	The convenience store is a few meters away from the old city hall compound and the city police station.
7191	The Conventual Franciscan friary in Kerala is hosting more than 700 people who fled the rising waters, said Father Pozhathuparambil.
7192	"The coolest part of about it is the album is entirely in Inuktitut, and that's something that we thought was a barrier the past two times."
7193	The cost of the audit is $24,000, however that fee could be waived if the city enters a cost savings contract following the audit.
7194	The cottages have a uniform hardwood and galvanised roof exterior in keeping with the farmland setting.
7195	The council also planned to discuss its Code of Ethics and 2018 goals, but postponed those items until Feb. 12 due to a lack of quorum, attributed to scheduling conflicts and the flu.
7196	The council also received a request for free parking area at Krokop Lorong 5 Market.
7197	The Council deemed the family grave to be full and it was agreed that Mr Stokes would be laid to rest in a vacant plot next to the family grave.
7198	“The council has examined the Bill and recommended that the issues raised therein be codified into a policy that sets down uniform guidelines that will assist counties to reach their revenue collection targets,” Mr Nanok said.
7199	The Council’s initial plan increases taxpayer and retiree contributions to the fund while slashing cost of living increases.
7200	The country’s economic growth is projected to be 6 percent in 2018.
7201	The country's third-largest firm, Bluegogo, which had recently expanded to San Francisco, folded in November with its chief executive blaming "arrogance" and apologising for mistakes.
7202	The county district attorney’s office said Monday that it doesn’t appear any crime occurred but that determination will follow a complete analysis of the evidence.
7203	The county overall has seen values appreciate by about 7.5 percent.
7204	The county projects that Ballston will have 9,200 homes in total two years from now, placing it just behind Crystal City.
7205	The couple are now in their late 30s — potentially reducing the chance of pregnancy.
7206	The couple share their home with four indoor rabbits and four indoor cats.
7207	The couple, who had been married for 20 years, have a 13-year-old daughter.
7208	The couple, who rekindled last year, kept fans updated throughout the pregnancy with snaps and videos every step of the way.
7209	The Court confirmed that al-Bashir is deemed to be “at large” and a fugitive from justice.
7210	The court, having initially refused to stop Yeddyurappa’s swearing-in, later declared that 15 days was an excessive period of time to prove one’s majority and ordered them to put it to a vote on Saturday afternoon.
7211	The court which had been presided over by Justice Adamu Mohammed had earlier ruled on the matter in March 2018 but was forced to revisit the case when a counter application was filed by the Nigeria Army.
7212	The cousin said the victim, who was commonly known as Costa, attended Lauren Hill Academy, a high school in the St-Laurent borough, and then went on to work for Bell Helicopter and Bombardier as a mechanic hired on contract.
7213	The CP who made some commitments geared towards assuaging the pain the family is currently going through said; “Nobody has the control of his or her life except God.
7214	The craft has 17 cameras, able to take single and stereo images, which provide us with 3D information about the landscape.
7215	The crash happened at 8:30 a.m. and it blocked access to the 401 from North Front.
7216	The creation of an abiding Sino-Russian entente in Central Asia could eventually place a huge swath of Eurasian landmass under the influence of the two countries.
7217	The criminally-minded Mayor, Herbert Williams, was actually arrested.
7218	The criminally underrated Bill & Ted’s Bogus Journey still holds up today minus a few jokes.
7219	The Cross River Government has inaugurated its Health Emergency Response Team to curb emerging disease outbreaks and the rising cases of drug abuse among youths in the state.
7220	The Crown concluded its case Wednesday, and the defence is expected to open its case Thursday.
7221	The CRTC said it could not comment on an ongoing matter.
7222	The CSU, historically more conservative that Merkel's party, will play a key role in the coalition talks.
7223	The CTCDRT has volunteered over the last several years, working along side The Bell Baptist Association, to provide the hot meals for those volunteers training other volunteers to share the Gospel with the unchurched in Galveston.
7224	The currency has made over 10 per cent gains in the last two months due to better sentiment for emerging markets.
7225	The current ban, announced in September, prohibits entry into the United States of most people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria and Yemen.
7226	The current NDPG and the fiscal 2019-2023 midterm defense buildup program outline an initial procurement of 27 F-35As and 18 F-35Bs over the next five years.
7227	The current right-wing government in Warsaw has many detractors, but none can deny that it takes the prospect of war with Russia seriously.
7228	The cushion you create has got to be good for whatever is left of your 42 working years (see the table/calendar above).
7229	The cutoff date has already been pushed back from April 16, and the upcoming rainy season could replenish supplies.
7230	The Dallas Stars’ top line rolled the Edmonton Oilers flat, with three 1st Period goals in a span of six minutes.
7231	The Dangote Rice Outgrower Scheme (DROS) in Jigawa State, has attained its enviable height as the President of Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote laid a foundation stone for the construction of a multi-billion Naira rice processing mill in Hadin, Jigawa state.
7232	The Danish brewer said the dots of glue bonding its new ‘Snap Packs’ are strong enough to withstand the journey from shelf to home, yet sufficiently brittle to break when twisted.
7233	The data core network interface ports have been upgraded from 40 GB to 100GB thereby doubling the network handling capacity”, the statement declared.
7234	The Davids campaign says the first-time candidate raised $2.7 million between July and September.
7235	“The day I met her, I was like, ‘Hey, I’ll marry you tomorrow,’” he said of Grande.
7236	The day-old sushi I just got from the gas station outside town is surprisingly tasty.
7237	“The day started with a peaceful walk from New Market Mall to the Alberton Civic Centre.
7238	The deal hasn’t closed and could still fall apart.
7239	The deal will be called the US-Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA, in Canada and the US.
7240	The deal would see Uber bowing out of yet another market after struggling to compete with a local competitor.
7241	The death of a 68-year-old Russian man in London is being investigated by counter-terrorism officers, Scotland Yard has said.
7242	The debate on the need to restructure the polity gained unusual prominence yesterday as Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and former Vice President Atiku Abubakar disagreed strongly on what the concept actually means.
7243	The deceased had three children, he revealed.
7244	The December meeting of the Women of the Western Communities will be held Thursday, Dec. 6 at the Wellington National Golf Club at 400 Binks Forest Drive in Wellington.
7245	The decision by the Santos board to let shareholders into the information tent after it received its fifth indicative takeover proposal raises legitimate questions about transparency and shareholder democracy.
7246	“The decision date is currently 4 November.
7247	The decision of the Senate Committee followed a petition from Indigenous Vessel Contractors, accusing Total Nigeria and NAPIMS of excluding their members from the process after four years of successful bidding.
7248	The decision reignited tensions in the region as the central Spanish government struggled to quell the secessionist movement in Catalonia, a wealthy northeastern region.
7249	The decision to empty its reserve funds, rather than seek loans, has already put the Town in a risky position.
7250	The Dee have had the better of the Saints, the Gers and Hearts already this season and even ran champions Celtic close, eventually losing 1-0 at Parkhead back in October.
7251	The default judgment against Gushungo Holdings was granted by Justice Joseph Musakwa.
7252	The defence minister should know that no empire lasts forever.
7253	The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, and expecting a different outcome.
7254	The delivery was fraught with life-threatening complications and Williams had to undergo multiple operations.
7255	The Democratic congressman from El Paso was speaking to a crowd of several hundred at Suga’s restaurant, 830 miles from home, trying to make an improbable case: that he can defeat Texas’ incumbent Republican senator, Ted Cruz.
7256	The Democrats need to gain only two more seats, but, of the 35 Senate seats up this year, 26 of them are held by Democrats.
7257	The demo hooks players with its interesting premise that leaves them with more questions than answers.
7258	The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said on Friday the cat was put down after it was found “in a distressed state.”
7259	The Department of Revenue estimates it will cost the state or — depending on how you look at it — save consumers $15 million over the next five days.
7260	The deputies arrived on the scene, but before they could coordinate a response, Edwards sped away from the home in a white Ford Ranger.
7261	The design is lavish.
7262	The difference between the music celebrated in Nigeria and that of the western world isn’t in the colour but rather in the superiority of civics: The capacity to demand for that which is logical, reasonable and timeless.
7263	The difference between the teams was their defensive strength.
7264	The director notes an interesting trajectory within the curation of its lineup, relying less on marquee acts as the festival itself develops its own reputation.
7265	The director of the Australian Antarctic Division, Nick Gales, finds the growing collaboration "incredibly exciting" and is enthusiastic about expanding the PRC's work in the Australian territory.
7266	The discussions follow an intense legal battle the two entities had over allegations that Uber stole trade secrets from Waymo relating to its autonomous driving technology.
7267	The dispute stems from California’s so-called “Unsafe Handgun Act” (UHA).
7268	The district later apologized.
7269	The District Representative noted that she has tried repeatedly to commence the project by clearing the area but each time the call is made for the items to be moved nothing happens.
7270	The district was played at Sevierville Golf Course.
7271	The diversity so inherently apparent in Australian society is what defines Australian values.
7272	The Division Bench was hearing a PIL filed in the year 2017 by one Alim from from the Sohalpur Gada village in Roorkee tehsil of Haridwar district, where he had sought the court’s intervention to stop the illegal cow slaughter in his village.
7273	“The doctor told me, ‘Your blood is boring.’
7274	“The documents included: Companies form two, Companies form five and form 17 and List of directors and resolution of boards of directors,” Phiri said.
7275	The Dodgers did not make a significant addition to their bullpen at the July trade deadline.
7276	The dog died Aug. 25 but the charity waited for results of the necropsy before publicizing the death, Meg Melampy, the charity president, said.
7277	The ‘Dogs hope to bring their momentum from their victory into the home game against Vanderbilt on Monday.
7278	The dog’s owner sued in circuit court to stay the execution.
7279	The domestic medical device companies, however, believe that importers are also traders and the journey of trade margin cap should begin from the ex-factory cost or the import price, also called the landing cost.
7280	The donut continues to be a comfort food served by the Salvation Army to those in need during times of disaster.
7281	The Dow Jones industrial average added 298.20 points, or 1.2 percent, to 25,013.
7282	The Dragons scored for a 28-3 lead after a 12-yard pass form Austin to Stonework and a 12-yarder to Olsen.
7283	The Drowsy Chaperone opening weekend - MyMcMurrayRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
7284	The Dual Language Programme (DLP) is a programme which allows the learning of STEM subjects in its lingua franca, which is English.
7285	The duo and rest elite cabal have decided to keep the youth submerged by ensuring power remains with either one of them and the same crew of looter cabal.
7286	The duo are expected to be sworn in by the Governor any moment from now.
7287	The duo ends up at the University of Lima together, even becoming roomies, and Puck joins the Air Force to honor his friend after he passes.
7288	The duo made their musical debut by busking on subway trains, but their set list featured only one song: the record-breaking hit “Despacito” played on accordion.
7289	The dust storm had an immediate impact and brought the maximum temperature down to 36 degrees Celsius from 39 degrees.
7290	The Dutch philosopher Huizinga said, that through play we can step out of a common reality into a higher order.”
7291	The Eagles are the highest ranked team in 5A entering the state tournament.
7292	The Eagles knew their defense and running game were good enough to beat New England.
7293	The Eagles might not have been working from a set playbook, but everything they’ve done since they reunited has felt calculated.
7294	The Eagles scored 14 of their goals in the first half and scored 19 goals on the Cardinals for the second time this season.
7295	The Eagles will host the NFC Championship Game next week.
7296	The eastern half of the country awarded to Alheri and the western half to Phase3.
7297	The Echo Show is coming to Canada for the first time, with the second generation of this device sporting a 10-inch HD display, built-in smart home hub, and “powerful speakers,” for $299.99.
7298	The Ecology Action Centre says corporations need to take responsibility for their contributions to polluting Canada’s shorelines, green spaces, and communities.
7299	The economy is now on solid ground and growing by a rate of 2.5%.
7300	The EFF leader has called into question footage of him apparently firing a rifle, saying: ‘There was no gun … there was no live ammunition.’
7301	The efforts of many volunteers and sponsors have made it possible for this fundraiser to raise $100,600 in the past nine years.
7302	The eighth and final shot struck Clark's left thigh, likely after he had fallen to the ground or as he was falling.
7303	The Election Commission of Pakistan has decided against extending the polling time by an hour.
7304	The election is set for Sept. 24.
7305	“The election period is between 8am and 2pm and there will be restriction of vehicular movement in the constituency throughout the election period.”
7306	The Elite isolated Ishimori and walloped him with a Buckle Bomb/Kick combo and a three man splash, however Ishimori kicked out to shock from the crowd.
7307	The elusive Indigo Bunting checks me out and may have been thinking He can't see me, can he?
7308	The email said Burnside had heard two guns at the time Smith was shot.
7309	The Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II, has expressed disappointment over the federal government’s poor attitude to the attraction of foreign investors.
7310	The emir of Maradun in Zamfara, Alhaji Garba Tambari, says some traditional rulers across the country have resolved to ensure the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari in the 2019 presidential election.
7311	The end of God of War was deserving of the time and effort it took to get there, and the plot twists and character arcs left my jaw on the floor and tears in my eyes.
7312	The end of the play was so controversial that Hedwig Niemann-Raabe, who played Nora in the 1880 premiere of in Germany, demanded Ibsen write a different ending.
7313	The end of this film just happens.
7314	The engineer then applied the brakes but apparently not the emergency brake, NTSB said.
7315	The entire concept of a color scheme for one’s wedding seems absurd, indeed.
7316	The entire Division II should now be on notice.
7317	The entirety of the LBI project area will continue to be surveyed on a routine basis, in addition to undergoing evaluation following any significant storm events.
7318	The entire walkout lasted about an hour before students went back inside at the urging of teachers, Nicholas Chaffines, 17, said.
7319	The Erie County District Attorney pushed for time behind bars.
7320	The European Central Bank is set to end asset purchases at its final policy meeting of 2018 on Thursday.
7321	The European Parliament had previously approved a resolution calling on the Council of the European Union to develop a common position to impose an arms embargo on the Saudi regime, as well as sanctions for its violation.
7322	The event sponsor for the 2018 Taste of Davis is Coldwell Banker Select Real Estate.
7323	The event surpassed Leite's expectations.
7324	The event was held in accordance with a new requirement of the certification process for service dogs.
7325	The evidence “shows the opposite — Washington’s desire to stay in Syria for a longer period of time,” he said.
7326	The exception is Kanté (38.9) who, in the kindest possible sense, is just a freak.
7327	The exchange was declined approval due to security concerns.
7328	The executive didn't define the developments that will be showcased at the forthcoming MWC.
7329	The executive director will serve at the pleasure of the board and is subject to approval of the legislature.
7330	The executive order should send a strong signal to federal agencies that they need to prioritize adding or strengthening work requirements, said Robert Doar, who used to oversee New York City’s public assistance programs.
7331	The exercise was aimed at tackling, from the security angle, the farmers – herdsmen clashes, and the general insecurity in the North Central region.
7332	The expert adds that since these temples are operated in much the same way as art museums are run, they should be forced to show how they maintain their assets.
7333	The ex-Pussycat Doll, 37, who denied her dance background would give her an advantage, has been in the bottom two for three weeks in a row.
7334	The extent of those injuries are not yet known.
7335	The extreme weather has revived concerns about the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, which will be held in July and August.
7336	The Ezzedine al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, said in a statement that a border observation post was hit in the attack and that no casualties were reported on the Palestinian side as a result of the attack.
7337	The facility was one of the biggest job providers in the area.
7338	The Facing Hunger Foodbank serves 17 counties in West Virginia, eastern Kentucky and southeastern Ohio.
7339	The fact that it also contains protein, spinach, vegetables and fruit makes you just want to run out and get one, doesn’t it?
7340	The fact that it played primarily on Netflix and not in theaters didn’t diminish its quality one iota.
7341	The fake boycotters just keep getting more and more exposed.
7342	The Falconets squad consist of three goalkeepers, six defenders, seven midfielders and five strikers.
7343	The Falcons struggled in the red zone the entire 2017 season, scoring a touchdown on just 49% of trips that ranked among the bottom ten teams in the league.
7344	The family of Jack Hay will receive friends from 12:00 PM until 2:00 PM Thursday, May 31, 2018 at Westminster Presbyterian Church.
7345	The family of the murdered Shevach has its lived Jewish truth.
7346	The family stayed in that area until the next evening, officials said.
7347	The family will receive friends Monday, September 17, from 6 to 8 p.m. at Lord and Stephens Funeral Home, East Chapel, Athens.
7348	The famous chimney sweep who is so endearingly played in the film by Dick Van Dyke, is brought to life by Cole Emarine, who is his own kind of Bert, sassy and playful.
7349	The famous Nicodemus.
7350	The famous party scene in ’Endless Summer II’ was staged there.’
7351	The fan observed that it wasn’t only Jackson that was being dressed like a girl, but August, the other adopted son is also being dressed like a girl.
7352	The fans had every right to be frustrated.
7353	The faster speed and improved jumps have raised Kingsbury’s comfort level.
7354	The father of one, who was represented by attorney Paul Fung-A-Fat, was placed on $25,000 bail and the matter was adjourned until October 27th.
7355	• The father of Thembalethu Cleo Nkuna, born on September 3, 2003.
7356	The FBI declined to comment on the transcript, which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
7357	The FBI is searching for this man, who they say robbed a TD Bank branch in Hialeah on Father’s Day.
7358	The FCO's guidance warns that Australia has "strict quarantine rules to keep out pests and diseases that could affect plant, animal and human health.
7359	• the fear that sub-optimal care given in sub-optimal conditions could lead to a bad outcome and lawsuits against the medical facility and personnel.
7360	The feasibility study process will include extensive community consultation.
7361	The federal government shut down for three days in January after an impasse between Senate Republicans and Democrats, who would not budge unless a deal was reached to provide citizenship for those covered under DACA.
7362	The fellow’s foot must have slipped and he fell into my fist, but it’ll be manslaughter at least.
7363	The female section was destroyed as a result of the attack.
7364	The fertile agricultural land facilitates the production of food and cash crops in commercial quantities especially palm produce, cassava and rice.
7365	The fighting has so far killed at least 200 jihadists and 35 soldiers, according to official figures.
7366	"The figures show that the Israeli authorities are unwilling to investigate human rights violations committed by security forces against Palestinians," the report noted.
7367	The film also stars Eleanor Worthington-CoxBrigette Lundy-Paine opens in theaters on June 1st.
7368	The film casts a critical eye on how the Filipino moderators often have no cultural context for differentiating between the two (one example is the takedown of a painting of a naked Trump).
7369	The film grossed almost $750 million worldwide.
7370	The film is one of several noteworthy projects that will be available for potential distributors to bid on at the Cannes Film Festival starting next week.
7371	The filmmaker also thanked I and B Minister Smriti Irani for providing him with some “space” to express himself in a free and fearless manner through his movie.
7372	The filmmakers will be present at 7 p.m. on the night of the opening to screen short excerpts from the film and answer questions about their collaboration with Mayers.
7373	The final two games featured NJIT fighting hard against a superior Binghamton team.
7374	The final two games saw Burlington regain control with crisp passing, jump serves and stellar defense.
7375	The final will take place at the Stade Mohamed V, Casablanca.
7376	The finance ministry is not in favour of cutting excise duty on petrol and diesel to provide relief to the common man from spike in their prices but wants states to cut sales tax or VAT on fuel, a senior official said on Monday.
7377	The fire brigade is removing oil stains from the Vistula River in the Płock region (Mazowieckie).
7378	The fire broke out just after 1 a.m. in a garden-level unit in an apartment building near 80th Street and King Drive, sending smoke billowing through the building.
7379	The fire department initially reported that three dogs died in the fire.
7380	The firenado formed in Malibu along Pacific Coast Highway.
7381	The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, September 6th.
7382	The firm had revenue of $779.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $773.61 million.
7383	The firm has a market capitalization of $177.52 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.73, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 0.89 and a beta of 1.14.
7384	The firm has a market cap of $11.98 billion, a PE ratio of 90.77, a PEG ratio of 4.62 and a beta of 1.38.
7385	The firm is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings report on Monday, February 4th.
7386	The firm noted that even though major malware like Ransomware, cryptominer, and banking trojans have had, and continue to have, a big impact, it is mobile attacks on Nigerian companies that are growing in prevalence.
7387	The firm of renowned architect Renzo Piano — the man behind the new Whitney Museum and New York Times building — just unveiled a $300 million shopping center in the San Francisco Bay Area.
7388	The first 50 people who show up to the screening will be rewarded will a free helping.
7389	The first copy was received by Kumaresan of Coromandel.
7390	“The first day of school was our first music rehearsal,” added Mary Ryan, a sophomore music and theology double major.
7391	The first lady herself called for a political compromise to end the stripping of children from their parents — the result of the Trump administration’s “zero tolerance” policy against illegal border crossings, in effect since May.
7392	“(The first ODI) allowed me to play in my natural way because the state of the game meant there was plenty of overs left to get the runs so I could play my natural game which suited me.
7393	“The first prototype we made was just a drone attached to a regular umbrella,” he said.
7394	The first reading is from the Book of Micah, who is regarded as one of the minor prophets, in large part because of the book’s brevity.
7395	The first Wakandan adventure grossed a massive $694 million stateside, setting a new record for the MCU.
7396	The five-month long SummerStage festival will also feature a number of benefit shows in Central Park to help support City Parks Foundation’s free programs for all New Yorkers.
7397	The five victims were reportedly members of a religious sect, which prohibits its members from getting medical care in conventional facilities.
7398	The fluosilicic acid report has utilized absolute research methodology and techniques while ascertaining market estimate and to land at related projections.
7399	“The flu shots that we typically budget for and get but even beyond that, we have already gone through this year on the student side,” he said.
7400	The food was donated through a series of canned food drives in the area Teens for Christ chapters, as well as through the West Ohio Food Bank and Spartan Nash.
7401	The footage is likely meant as a show of strength amid new U.S. sanctions on Iran and the Trump administration plans to bring Iranian oil exports down to zero.
7402	The football team’s twitter has helped recruit several players and is a pretty common methodology for recruiting in general, Prud’homme said.
7403	The forces then settled in the city of Melilla, and Morocco’s National Liberation Movement received support and admiration from many liberation movements worldwide.
7404	The Foreign Minister has singled out Australian doctor and cave diver Richard Harris, who was an "integral part" of the Tham Luang cave rescue mission.
7405	The formation of a 7-member Jury for the trial of the Major Maxwell Mahama case has hit a snag again after one of the jurors on Monday pulled out.
7406	The former Congress president continued her tirade against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government claiming that her party was “exposing fraud and corruption” by the Modi government using proof.
7407	The former Cy Young Award winner, who has struggled all year and was demoted to the bullpen last week, allowed two runs in 5 2/3 innings.
7408	The former Moreirense forward joins David Barral and Rigano as the only Levante players to have ever scored a hat-trick in the top division.
7409	The former secretary of the Department of Homeland Security said the undocumented immigrants don’t speak English and are “overwhelmingly rural people” from countries where “fourth-, fifth-, sixth-grade educations are kind of the norm.”
7410	The former US president and first lady have announced a deal with Netflix.
7411	The former Wyoming senator sent the audience into repeated fits of laughter, recalling Bush's hijinks and his loyalty through difficult times.
7412	The forum will raise awareness about attractive investment opportunities within the Caribbean region’s energy, infrastructure, agriculture, information technology and tourism sectors.
7413	The four companies were all fined separately depending on the extent of their price manipulation.
7414	The four people injured are out of life-threatening danger, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said.
7415	The “four seasons” quartet started as a completely private project, apparently unintended for publication.
7416	The fourth victim was watching the incident unfold from the back of the deli when one of the goons saw him on his phone and got into a physical struggle to take it from him, police said.
7417	The free app is the easiest way to get instant updates on developing and important local stories on your iPhone/iPad or Droid.
7418	The French midfielder has been at Arsenal for almost a decade but appearances in the first team this season have been limited with just seven starts in all competitions.
7419	The friendly environment and live entertainment are a great union for a fun night!
7420	The Friends of Mound House, in support of the Jewel of the Island, set an ambitious fund raising goal for 2018: $25,000 in support of programming.
7421	The fundamental problem it’s trying to tackle — gleaning meaningful information from studies with noisy and limited data sets — can’t be solved with new statistics.
7422	“The fundamentals are on our side on this, and we need to talk about it.”
7423	The fund has lost 2.9% during the 12 months to November 16, while the average fund in its sector is down 2.7%.
7424	The fun interior and affordable menu invites that kind of patronage.
7425	“The future of our children and grandchildren is at stake.”
7426	The future of strike-hit Air hangs in the balance following the departure of its chief executive over a continuing strike over pay, the French economy minister warned on Sunday.
7427	The game is in the bottom of the sixth.
7428	The game is Jewish Geography.
7429	The garden's owners made the necessary changes, and are now grateful they did.
7430	The Garlic Knots appetizer at Rocca.
7431	“The Gazillionaire” cocktail can only be found on Café Americano’s newly revamped We Love Cocktails menu that contains fourteen specialty cocktails, all available 24-hours a day, seven days per week.
7432	The GDPR only considers the collection of necessary information to be lawful, so if you ask for a user’s demographics when all you do is sell shoes, explain why you absolutely need that information or expect legally-backed resistance from informed users.
7433	The gender gap is glaring and whatever advantage Republican men in certain Congressional districts have is offset by Democratic advantage among women.
7434	The General Election last year saw in youth turnout the likes of which hadn’t been seen in a quarter of a century.
7435	The general manager invites all independent garbage collectors to come on board with the new initiative, as more trucks will be needed.”
7436	The Ghana News Agency (GNA) investigations showed that because there are no basic schools in those communities, child labour is extremely high as parents and guardians use their children and wards to harvest cashew and engage them in other farm works.
7437	The gift, a cavalry horse of the French Republican Guard named Vesuvius, was an “unprecedented diplomatic gesture,” according to the French presidency.
7438	The girl’s father is a migrant labour.
7439	The girls outscored Lima Shawnee 45-95 with Ottawa-Glandorf last in the standings with 225 points The Bulldogs scored 26 points to top Van Wert (67) in the boys meet.
7440	The goal of the meeting, scheduled for Thursday and Friday in Kyauk Kyi Township, was to settle a territorial dispute that erupted earlier this month when the Tatmadaw moved into an area claimed by Brigade 5 to rebuild an old road.
7441	The goal of the NRA Foundation is not to provide financial support for JROTC programs but to encourage gun use by students and recruit the next generation of activists who will fight gun laws.
7442	The goal was Morata's first since he scored against Brighton on Boxing Day, and appeared to inject the striker with confidence as Chelsea went on to beat Leicester 2-1 after extra-time.
7443	The Gorgon of the comics was a military man of sorts.
7444	“The government build bridges, roads and airports in the name of their development and welfare programs.
7445	The government claims it has “cleared” 62 percent of drug-affected neighbourhoods in the country.
7446	THE Government has accused Russia of "spreading lies and disinformation" over the Salisbury nerve agent attack.
7447	The Government in a statement, has said that it has noted the reaction of the public and teachers regarding the Fruit Distribution scheme, with vegetables and milk in schools.
7448	The government responded to that fatwa in 2008 by passing a nationwide anti-Ahmadiyah decree that bans the Ahmadiyah from proselytizing their faith.
7449	"The Government should consider introducing some form of mandatory licensing system for domestic builders so that consumers know that all building firms have a base level of skill, competence and professionalism.
7450	The government was not amused.
7451	The government will spend Rs 5,237 crore for the programme, which would help the nutrition requirement of the poor.
7452	The governor also called on the state’s lawmakers to work with relevant agencies to implement their respective constituency projects.
7453	The Governor also directed that on the eve of festivals like Eid, Muharram, Diwali, Gurupurab etc and during the examination of children and winters, 24X7, power supply should be made available.
7454	The governor noted that 13 of 27 counties in District 27 are still covered by his most recent disaster declaration in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
7455	The governor said “no one wants to see teachers strike” and reiterated his proposal on Twitter after the vote was announced.
7456	The GPL CEO said the team is also working to repair the other units, and hopefully by Thursday there could be some significant improvements.
7457	The gratuity of the vaccines, in as much, happened in fact, but from now on it will be protected by law.
7458	“The greatest difficulty for farmers concerned is the maintenance of liquidity and the general improvement of the operating situation.
7459	The greatest of the G40 (Mashayamombe) is also here,” he said.
7460	The greenhouses sit on Agricultural Land Reserve land.
7461	The ground never produces rubbish or bottles … Accra is not dirty, it’s the persons living in it that are dirty, Accra can’t be dirty on its own” he argued.
7462	The group aims to help individuals feel comfortable expressing themselves.
7463	The group, formed in 1963, is called a half section because a full section consisted of two half sections, one for the cannon team, and one to pull a caisson with the ammunition.
7464	The group, he cautioned, could easily railroad the approval of its own party platform.
7465	The group of South Koreans have been able to achieve such success due to the unwavering support of their dedicated fan base, who launched an intense and well-executed social media promotional campaign.
7466	The group said both Ohanaeze Ndigbo and South East governors forum had outlived their usefulness, and merely existed to entrench Fulani dominance and influence over Igboland and Biafra in general.
7467	The group said Osinbajo hays created confusion with his purported abandonment of the Strategic Implementation Work Plan, SWIP, for development of the region.
7468	The group works together with landowners, industry, government and its partners to protect the wetlands and to make sure that their physical and functional characteristics are returned to the state they should be and supported.
7469	The Guardian spoke to three former decision-makers or caseworkers.
7470	The guest messenger will be Evangelist Gloria Bowden of Ebenzer Holy Church, Mt. Olive.
7471	The gunman, Juan Lopez, who also died following the shooting Monday at Mercy Hospital, had been engaged to Dr. Tamara O’Neal before he repeatedly shot the emergency room doctor near a hospital parking lot, Chicago police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said.
7472	The guys weren’t sure if they believed Turan’s story and so they again followed Spenser’s suggestion.
7473	The habit producing company ought to be able to supply books papers to specific pupils.
7474	The Handmaid’s Tale returns to Hulu on April 25 with 13 new episodes.
7475	The harassment that UO students of color face has recently become more public, whether because of the anti-immigration graffitiracist costumes from faculty.
7476	The Head of School, Olushola Akaiso, stated that the era where teachers just pick pupils to be in charge of a particular position has become outdated since the pupils needed to be involved in the process of selecting their leaders.
7477	The head of the Prison Service, Michael Spurr, said: “Many challenges remain in the coming year but the increased funding for frontline operations and investment in the estate will help us to better tackle issues such as drugs and poor living conditions.
7478	The headquarters of the Toronto Police Service are shown in a 2014 file photo.
7479	“The health unit is doing a milk drive and what that means is that they are encouraging moms to sign up to be donors.
7480	The HearthStone Bari wood stove adds cozy warmth on cool nights.
7481	“The heaviest burden will be carried by the families of those who didn’t come home and those who suffered life-changing injuries and psychological trauma,” he said.
7482	The helpless, hapless, hopeless, hungry electorate still line up sometimes in the sun, under the rain to vote them back into power.
7483	The highlight of the brunch will be a performance by the Extensions of Faith Praise Choir.
7484	The Hindu Widows’ Remarriage Act got passed in 1856.
7485	The Hit Men perform at 7:30 p.m. tonight, March 15, at Manship Theatre.
7486	The Honeydew police have confiscated gas tanks during a recent operation.
7487	The Honor 7X is listed for a price of Rs 15,999 for the 4GB RAM/64GB storage version and offers lots of features similar to the P20 Lite except the display.
7488	The honor of attending a Military Service Academy comes with the obligation and commitment to serve in the military for a minimum of five years upon graduation.
7489	The hope is that the club will appeal to more than just people with an interest in a law enforcement career.
7490	The Hornets are another attendance-challenged team (26th at home) that could be jumped-started by the flashy Ball.
7491	The hospital also declined to discuss under what circumstances, if any, it would discount a second surgery's cost because of the first's failure.
7492	The hosts were held to 38.5 percent shooting from the floor.
7493	The hotel, scheduled to open early next year, will provide 10 new jobs to the community and feature 54 rooms, a pool and meeting space.
7494	The house is full and needs no cue to rise for the Hallelujah Chorus.
7495	The house noodle soup with braised brisket.
7496	The house still needs to be furnished before it's ready to move in. Ham says once that happens the church can begin working on finding a proper tenant.
7497	The houses will be a mix of three-storey apartments and townhouses, along with terraced, detached and semi-detached buildings.
7498	The human ability to create and invent new things is one of these unique things.
7499	The human rights body pleaded with Sadc and the African Union to intervene.
7500	The human story keeps changing.
7501	The hype for the match against Sri Lanka was at its peak, as it was the first encounter between coach Chandika Hathurusingha’s former and current teams.
7502	The I-15 corridor through Washington County has several ongoing and planned projects over the next several years.
7503	The Idaho Health Care Plan's goal is to improve coverage and lower costs on the exchange.
7504	The idea came from a chat with Gaiman’s friend, the comedian and actor Lenny Henry, who suggested the concept of tribes of homeless people living beyond the notice of “ordinary” people in London.
7505	The idea, of course, is to offer a big display with a smaller footprint than what would usually be required.
7506	The idea of us coming here was to not just see problems, but to fashion workable solutions.
7507	The idea that the Holocaust was due to the onset of “madness” on Hitler’s part is also wrong, reducing a programme of collective evil to an act of insanity on the part of one man.
7508	The idea that the now has legitimate insight on what she does or doesn’t do with Hutchins is hard to believe.
7509	"The idea was to turn on its head the idea of Aquaman riding a seahorse, take something for which he was mocked and turn it into something terrifying and impressive.
7510	The immersive technology here is really second to none," says Hyken, who was a New World fellow when the Frank Gehry-designed building was still under construction.
7511	The impact of tariff threats is being felt in the U.S. too, given the amount of steel Canada exports south of the border and the large quantity of other goods purchased from various states.
7512	The incident started shortly after a shooting was reported in west Charlotte.
7513	“The incident took place around 6.20 am when she was crossing road after dropping her child.
7514	The incident took place last Thursday morning at 11:30am on a train from Cercanias de Madrid to Cercedilla.
7515	The incident took place late last night when people from Mahuva town in Bhavnagar district were returning home from Amreli after attending a marriage ceremony, they said.
7516	The incident, which occurred in the commercial hub of Kogi East, Anyigba, in Dekina Local Government Area, has turned the town into a beehive of attention as people have been trooping to the health facility.
7517	The increases could raise the total to $11.74 million in fiscal year 2019 and $12.15 million in FY20.
7518	The incumbent won!
7519	The index has delivered positive readings for 17 consecutive months.
7520	The India captain even went to the extent of recommending Dukes for Test cricket all over the world.
7521	The Indiana State Police would to remind everyone, that EVERYONE has a role in their safety.
7522	The Indian captain was in no mood to crib about conditions and instead called upon his batsmen to shoulder the responsibility in the third Test match.
7523	The Indian Constitution guarantees certain fundamental rights, but with certain riders.
7524	The Indian military, be it on snow-clad mountains, in seas, or in air, they keep us safe and they sacrifice, even laying down their lives.
7525	The indispensable key to the success of a sugar-free product is that it is healthy version of unhealthy calories.
7526	The inevitable consequence of fewer officers and less resources is a rise in crime.
7527	The initiative, known as the Freedom from Aerial Spraying of Herbicides Bill of Rights Charter Amendment, has faced several roadblocks on its path to the ballot.
7528	The inquiry is going full speed ahead to uncover why the department has gone bankrupt under the leadership of Nomvula Mokonyane.
7529	The inside story here is that the Ram folks tested every part in the wind tunnel and figured out a just-right combination of kit to eke out impressive fuel economy.
7530	The insights for the aerial imaging market are the result of our extensive primary interviews, secondary research, and in-house expert panel reviews.
7531	The instruction includes police officers and senior officers serving in cities traffic police, and police mobile brigades in charge of maintaining order.
7532	The instructors were pleased with how many of the kids passed the deep end test so they could swim in deeper water during recreational time.
7533	The interesting thing about this campus is that the central heating plant used to burn coal and there were student protests while I was going to school here.
7534	The International Student Association has recently become a community association, with about 20 current members.
7535	The Internet Commerce Association takes this opportunity to commend Panelists Lyons and Nahitchevansky for following the Policy and adhering to its spirit and intent in the above-mentioned cases.
7536	The Internet of Things generally is a bit of a nightmare, not least because many devices are being made on the cheap with little thought for security and privacy."
7537	“The interplay of the income tax surcharge and the loss of the SALT deduction – that can’t help but be disruptive,” said Pitter.
7538	The intro teaser recapped the events from last week’s Impact episode.
7539	The investigation brought his football career — he presently plies his trade for his childhood club Atlas back home in Guadalajara — to a halt briefly and even cast shadows over his participation in the 2018 World Cup.
7540	The investigations found that one of the suspects was gathering all the money collected from victims and transferring it to several bank accounts under the names of Thai and Malaysian citizens, before it was sent out of the country.
7541	The investment in the project will make up about $5 million.
7542	The investment value is 39% higher than the previous high of $17.1 billion (recorded in 2015) and 55% higher than the $15.4 billion invested during 2016.
7543	The Ionia County Sheriff's Office said 47-year-old Pedro Lira was fishing with a friend when he fell into the lake.
7544	The IPO marks a return to public life.
7545	Their ensemble was the couple's usual mix of Oklahoma country boy and L.A. pop-rocker.
7546	Their fame had gone global in a way that was completely new; there had never been anything quite like the pandemonium they caused wherever they went.
7547	Their findings confirmed Forest users along the Greys River corridor downstream of the landslide were at risk in the event of a breach of the debris dam.
7548	Their first idea: Rehab an abandoned school.
7549	Their ideas had a strong bookish connection.
7550	The Irish have blown us away this week and we couldn’t even buy one at the sales last night.
7551	Their menus include: Indian Feast, Mexican Fiesta, Moorish/ Middle Eastern, Byron Bay Hinterland BBQ, Tapas and more.
7552	Their next tournament will be in 2019 when they go to neighbours and arch-rival Brazils for the Copa America.
7553	Their primary goal was to conquer the “semiconductor memory market”; they wanted to shift how computers stored and accessed data, from magnetic-core memory to semiconductors.
7554	Their products have to be original with registered intellectual property rights, and comply with environmental standards.
7555	Their purpose is to achieve peace and good neighborly relations.
7556	Their relationships blossomed as they realized their shared love for prose, leading them to write and publish an anthology of poems, titled “Not Without Our Laughter: Poems of Humor, Sexuality and Joy,” in April 2017.
7557	The irrepressible musical comedy revolved around a 1989 high school reunion and featured great costume changes – think neon, spandex and big hair – and a fabulous selection of hits.
7558	The IRS is warming up for a bonanza of tax claims.
7559	Their visit marked the start of a three-year review into legal obstacles to self-driving cars, which will also examine “how to allocate civil and criminal responsibility where there is some shared control in a human-machine interface”.
7560	Their warm, summer…
7561	Their wedding ceremony officially started with a puja ceremony in Mumbai on Wednesday.
7562	The issue was that the third chance for the Panthers proved to be the deadly one, with Florida tying the game on ’s 18th of the season with 6:44 left in the third.
7563	The items were all left behind by the performers after they played a show at the Opry.
7564	The jailer woke up, and when he saw the prison doors open, he drew his sword and was about to kill himself because he thought the prisoners had escaped.
7565	The Jasper Seniors Society says it can no longer run the accessible bus, and wants the town to take over.
7566	The judge also said that hiding religious belief was fraud and asked the National Database and Registration Authority (Nadra) to give a deadline to correct religion in identification documents in case it was wrong.
7567	The judge told Miller that counseling would play a major role in her time on probation.
7568	“The judgment of the court as rightly noted by the court did not confer any right on the defendants who levied execution”.
7569	The junior guard is averaging 14.2 points, six rebounds and 4.6 assists per game on a team that was picked by the media to finish 12th in the SEC in preseason.
7570	The Justice Department ruled out federal criminal charges in May 2017.
7571	The Kenyan business community has engaged the Emirates in talks geared towards facilitating local entrepreneurs in agribusiness to access global markets.
7572	The Khazzan and Ghazeer developments are expected to deliver total production of 10.5 trillion cubic feet of gas and around 350 million barrels of condensate through the end of concession.
7573	The killings had already prompted candlelit anti-graft protests and memorials in Slovakia and abroad last week, with some 25,000 people taking part in Bratislava alone.
7574	The killings have become even more worrisome as the Federal Government appears not to be doing anything serious about it and that has created the impression of ethnic cleansing and probably with some religious undertone.
7575	The killings were the latest in spate of deadly attacks by cattle thieves on herding and farming communities in the state.
7576	The kitchen was recently renovated and as a result has marble counters, a Bertazzoni stove, and stainless steel appliances including a microwave and fridge—it’s tiny but sleek.
7577	The Lady Barons received 29 points from senior scoring standout Shyla LaTone in Wednesday’s semifinal win over the Lady Falcons.
7578	The Lakehawks will finish tied for 11th at the Division II National Championships.
7579	The language was carefully chosen — he only stated that an operation was carried out “along the LoC”, not across the LoC — and no details were given out.
7580	The large gap could fuel questions about Barletta’s ability to raise enough money to compete, but Barletta said he isn’t worried.
7581	The last externally-mediated deal, brokered by SADC's Joaquim Chissano in 2013, was deeply unpopular.
7582	The last intensive London-wide study was conducted by the Fordham Institute in 2008, and put the number at 17,664.
7583	The last offering of the Concert Society season comes on Friday March 9th.
7584	The Latest: Alec Baldwin charged with assault, harassment - MyMcMurrayRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
7585	The latter has been the issue in Oromia, where activists allege that resources were exploited by non-Oromo investors.
7586	The latter sees it operate as a balance sheet lender, meaning that it borrows money from banking partners to finance the loans it sells at a higher interest rate.
7587	The launch included the unveiling of the program’s special taxis, which feature several functions geared toward facilitating travelers, including the ability to hail the cabs either through the Chiang Rai Taxi Cooperative or via an online application.
7588	The launch party, hosted by Orlando’s own Gidget Galore, will showcase a variety of entertainment, special performances and feature music provided by DJ Joanie.
7589	The Laurinburg school was named as a Model School for 2018 by the International Center for Leadership in Education.
7590	The leadership of the PF, some of them may not like me maybe because I speak the way I speak…,”
7591	''The lead up to elections is a nervy time, but this should not be the major influence in choosing coalition partners,'' said Mr. Helme.
7592	The league invented the shot clock for the 1954-55 season, exactly one under-60 game happened in its debut year, and then it didn’t happen again until the nineties.
7593	The league’s top executives — Goodell; Jeff Pash, the general counsel; and Tod Leiweke, the chief operating officer — divided up owners to call.
7594	The left-hander was also at his innovative best as he used the scoop shot over third man not once but thrice.
7595	“The lesson for them is allow the law to take its own course before opening your mouth,” Lekhi said.
7596	The letter added: “The delay in resolving this is subject to ongoing insurance and legal activity.
7597	“The Liberal government has a long way to go if it is to deliver on its promises of transparent government,” read the report, which noted that the system is bogged down to the point where it often doesn’t work at all.
7598	The lie of things in relation to the subject demands more than statements.
7599	The lighting enhancements alone will deliver immediate savings to the organization.
7600	The lighting technicians did a great job changing the mood of the sets, whether it was highlighting specific characters, or magnifying emotional moments, as well as intensifying certain scenes with the projection of silhouettes.
7601	The line has the Jets as a seven-point favorite, which seems reasonable.
7602	The line not giving enough protection is the reason our young group didn't show their potential.
7603	The lines will continue south and connect on Main Street, with a single line running down Ship Street to an outlet at the Salamonie River.
7604	The Liquor Licensing Board regulates the conduct of licence holders, the management and equipment of licensed premises, and the conditions under which liquor may be sold or consumed.
7605	The list of Bolsonaro’s original 27-member transition team, which included some of his ministerial picks, came under fire for its total lack of women.
7606	The lives of the parents also “are shaped by their children’s interests, choices and experiences, and — critically — by the choices they make for their children.”
7607	The Lolla merch store not only offers the festival’s logo on just about every type of clothing — the basketball jersey and tie-dye shirt are two of this year’s favorites — but also a respite from the extreme heat with its air-conditioned Valhalla.
7608	The long-gestating J.J. Abrams-produced war-horror film Overlord finally lands in cinemas this week, and despite murmurs of a tumultuous post-production process, the end result is a mostly decent if relatively unremarkable effort.
7609	The Lord of the Rings was a drag, you’d best avoid the prequels.
7610	The Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department says the man was in a tent with the girls when he was shot in the upper chest shortly before 5 a.m. Friday in Malibu Creek State Park in Calabasas.
7611	The love-hate relationship between Trump and Putin continues but is slated to get murkier, even as investigations about his possible collusion with Russia during the presidential elections are gathering momentum.
7612	The lowest sales estimate is $168.53 million and the highest is $169.70 million.
7613	The Lusaka Magistrate Court has let off opposition MMD faction leader Nevers Mumba in a matter he was facing two counts of Abuse Of Authority Of Office.
7614	The lying bluff here is sickening.
7615	The magnetism of Great Lakes water is just too strong.”
7616	The Mahdesian family is deeply saddened by the loss of their father and grandfather, but they have been overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and support.
7617	The Maine Technology Institute manages the bond on behalf of the state.
7618	The main managers for Nashville’s new Taco Bell have already been hired and more interviews are scheduled to help round out the estimated 40 employees that will be needed to run the new eatery.
7619	The main motive for the contestants will be to ensure that their bag pack reaches the top of the BB Mountain safe and sound.
7620	The main opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) which failed to win a seat in the election was alloted two places in the Senate -Kerryne James and Ron Redhead of the party’s youth arm.
7621	“The mainstream banks didn’t use to take this stuff seriously,” says Kassai, who started his first business aged 12 selling music on eBay.
7622	The majority of our invasive evaluations are now done through Stereo EEG.
7623	The majority of the volunteer roles Helpforce expects to be filled through this campaign will take place in hospitals, but many volunteers will be placed in community healthcare settings to support NHS organisations.
7624	The manager of the restaurant told police he witnessed the incident and provided them with the surveillance footage.
7625	The man allegedly said, "Scott is having an event this Saturday.
7626	The man charged with murdering and raping 22-year-old Eurydice Dixon, whose body was found on a sports field in Melbourne’s inner north, is to appear in Melbourne magistrates court.
7627	The man has been named as Martin Clancy.
7628	The man, identified by Turkish officials as Maher Abdulaziz Mutreb, has been photographed in the background of Prince Mohammed’s trips to the United States, France and Spain this year.
7629	The man who used his platform to get his message to the entire country.
7630	The march carried more overt political overtones.
7631	The Marrianridge resident was last seen while he was on his way to attend a meeting at the Durban ICC.
7632	The match was a rather close affair up until Shehrawat's five-point raid.
7633	The match was not going to happen in May, and Alvarez would be banned for six months.
7634	• The material used to tamper with the ball has been confirmed as sandpaper, not sticky tape covered in dirt from the pitch, as Bancroft had previously claimed.
7635	The medical services are offered through a partnership with the Henry and Rock Island County health departments and the Illinois Department of Public Health.
7636	The meeting concluded.
7637	The meeting did little to quell rumors and speculation about the exact nature of Trump’s relationship with Putin.
7638	The meeting did not occur in time for The Towerlight’s print deadline, but we will continue to update readers with any new information.
7639	The meeting was then suspended mid-debate and mid-agenda item.
7640	The meeting will by default revolve around the changes that have taken place in US policy towards the hemisphere since January 2017.
7641	“The members intensified their operation and identified the said house at Glad Hill Crescent, Newlands West.
7642	The memo highlights the opioid epidemic, but the federal law does not have any drug-specific limitations.
7643	The men make for a much more homogenous group, however.
7644	The men’s national teams have yet to recover from the ball-tampering scandal, with the test side losing two of their last three matches and the one-day side 17 of their last 19 following their defeat to South Africa in Perth on Sunday.
7645	The men’s Norrona Lofoten Gore Tex pro light pants are reduced from £430 to £300.
7646	The message 'hang Neil Lennon' was daubed on a wall near Tynecastle on Wednesday.
7647	The Met office says the big chill is likely to prevail across the country and could even deepen on January 9, 2018, when new record lows may be felt in the central and southern parts.
7648	The microsite contains even more information to help visitors understand the complex ideas the art conveys.
7649	The midfielder broke into the Germany squad when a young team minus their World Cup-winning stars lifted the Confederations Cup in Russia last July by beating Chile 1-0 in the final.
7650	The mid-point of their estimates was C$62.
7651	The military “clearance operations” that followed forced over 655,000 Rohingya refugees to flee across the border to neighbouring Bangladesh.
7652	The Milky Way’s central black hole, with the x-ray sources in blue.
7653	“The Minister for Legal Affairs will do what has to be done to get the appointment of a new Solicitor General,” said Attorney General, Dr Lawrence Joseph.
7654	The minister said that fundamentally, it is a supply problem.
7655	The Ministers of the present government would start attending the NA sessions provided the PM himself becomes regular in attending them.
7656	The minister stated that an Action Plan arising from the recommendation of the conference had been developed.
7657	The minister who voted NO is going to come out of this mess smelling of roses.
7658	The Ministry of Education so far is doing well but the rest are not due to lack of resources,” Mpundu said.
7659	The Ministry of External Affairs said Pakistan has shared with India a list of 53 civilian prisoners and 418 fishermen in its custody, who are Indians or believed to be Indians.
7660	The Ministry of Labour has been called to investigate the incident.
7661	The Miz made his entrance along with Dallas and Axel.
7662	The modem inside this chip is amongst the first to support six-carrier aggregation, which means that it can provide with a max LTE speed of 1.2 Gbps.
7663	The "modest beat fails to offset more development setbacks," Leerink analyst Geoffrey Porges said in a note to clients.
7664	The monitor determines who carried out strikes based on the type of aircraft and munitions used, locations and flight patterns.
7665	The Monster's unique ergos are a little weird at first, but quickly grow on you.
7666	The Montgomery Police Department has initiated a death investigation following the fatal shooting of an adult female Thursday afternoon.
7667	The monthlong outbreak of a virulent E. coli strain tied to romaine lettuce has now sent 42 people to hospitals in 19 states, federal health officials said Wednesday.
7668	The Montreal-based communications company is beta testing the cheaper brand across its LTE network in Quebec and the Ottawa area, where it currently offers wireless service under the brand Videotron.
7669	”The more I cared about performing well, the more I would become frustrated with my inability to silence the noisy critic living inside my head.”
7670	The more lively look it has definitely gives a more meaningful message every time we put on the badge and represent the school,” he says.
7671	The most common parts of the body that breast cancer spread to are the lymph nodes in the axilla, bones, liver, lungs and the brain.
7672	The most important ones were the EPLF, the TPLF, and the OLF, respectively promoting the secession of Eritrea, Tigray, and Oromia.
7673	The most recent of these is Hurricane Michael, which is currently bearing down on the Florida coastline and is expected to be one of the most powerful storms to strike the region.
7674	The most recent waiver, issued in 2013, covers standard pollutants, greenhouse gas emissions and allows the state to have a zero emissions vehicle (ZEV) sales mandate to achieve those goals.
7675	The mother of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has spoken publicly about her son for the first time, seven years on from his 2011 death.
7676	The mother, who Global News has decided not to name out of respect for the victim, said when she went to the hospital to see her son after the attack, she didn’t believe he would survive.
7677	The motion approved last night is for a memorandum of understanding to pay the.
7678	“The Mount Eneas wildfire, the Conkle Mountain wildfire, and then some others up closer towards Peachland.
7679	The move creates some big questions about both the administration’s foreign policy ambitions as well as the president’s relationship with the deep state.
7680	The move dropped Amazon into the $300 billion healthcare-digitization market amid stiff competition from health-information-technology giants like Optum, Epic, and Cerner.
7681	The move has been a long time coming: Transportation Alternatives has been for car-free parks for decades, and Mayor Michael Bloomberg the idea during his tenure.
7682	The move to martial law is unprecedented in Ukraine, and gives military authorities the right to ban protests and strikes.
7683	The movie has earned more than Rs 231 crore and Ranveer says that it is a tight slap on the fringe group.”
7684	The Mozilla algorithm is freely available, so anyone can download it, but typically large tech companies like Google and Apple build their own systems based on the same core technology.
7685	The MPA will allow the schools to schedule three games against the same opponent.
7686	The Mules scored first and maintained their lead for the entire game.
7687	The Muslim minority have faced discrimination in schools and the workforce.
7688	“The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) contends that the president’s description of the Nigerian situation regarding its youths was apt, precise and succinct.
7689	Then add all of the flour and mix until smooth.
7690	Then again, depending on the drug–never mind, I better not continue that thought lest I dance to close to a violation of the Rules for Radicals…
7691	Then Alexa Bliss can come out and say that even though she hates to give up the opportunity to wrestle and WrestleMania, she’s such a good person that she would be willing to let Asuka fight Rousey at Mania instead of her.
7692	Then, and only then, can you hope to get your hands on some marijuana.
7693	The Nanofixtit liquid application requires just a single drop on the mobile phone, smeared and spread on the screen and back cover of the gadget.
7694	The narrative now is that it is possible to defeat a party in power.
7695	“The narrative we had inherited,” was completely different from the narrative now, he said.
7696	The Nasdaq dropped 1.9%; the Dow Jones industrial average, 1.8%; and the S&P 500, 1.7%.
7697	The Nasdaq is down 126.23 points, or 1.8 per cent.
7698	Then at age 19 I shipped off to an LDS mission ranging from Memphis, Tennessee to the unglamorous expanse that is western Arkansas, where I learned about guns in a hurry.
7699	The National Archives does not have the financial resources to truly carry out its mandate.
7700	The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) also felicitated with Buhari.
7701	The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Wednesday reiterated an order it had passed in December 2016 and directed the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to issue a circular to all airlines and ensure that they do not empty toilet tanks mid-air.
7702	The National Weather Service falls under the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, which falls under the U.S. Department of Commerce.
7703	The national workshop is specifically looking at George Town.
7704	The nation’s biggest health insurers have reported robust growth in recent years, due in large part to Medicare.
7705	The nearly complete guns, as Crifasi called them, do not require serial numbers because they are not technically complete guns but may be made functional with some parts purchased separately.
7706	The net result of Sunday’s game, at least, is that despite an impressive showing in 2017, it might be a while before anyone in New England frets about another visit from the Houston Texans.
7707	The new 1,900-square-foot, 360-degree center bar includes 50 seats with gaming machines at each seat, 18 65-inch televisions wrapping around the entire bar and caters to both small and large groups.
7708	The new Cadillac XT4 will also be fuel efficient for its size.
7709	The new catalog will now provide detailed information for astronomers about young, massive stars and star clusters, and how their environment influences their development.
7710	The newcomers are definitely here to stay.
7711	The new data provides "foundation knowledge" for cities at the forefront of efforts to rein in the effects of global warming, said Cynthia Rosenzweig, an editor of the report and a researcher with NASA.
7712	The newly-elected ANC President is delivering his maiden January 8th statement in East London on Saturday morning.
7713	The newly self-anointed pot-bellied Alpha Male, however, was creating an interesting spectacle.
7714	The new policies could become a national model, particularly in the area of reference checks.
7715	The new rule has drawn praise from consumer advocates, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and even some business leaders.
7716	The news comes at an awkward time for Stockholm, Sweden-based Spotify, which is reportedly seeking to go public on the New York Stock Exchange this year.
7717	The newspaper quoted the Dorchester Hotel as saying it had a policy of zero tolerance towards harassment.
7718	“The new tax reforms that President Trump and Vice President Pence and our great leaders in congress recently passed have provided the tools that companies like Worldwide need to grow our team and reward our business.”
7719	The New York Times published claims by three women that they had been raped by music mogul Russell Simmons in the 1980s and 1990s; Simmons denied the allegations.
7720	The New York Times reports today on the Democratic Party's hope to continue to build in 2018 on encouraging victories in state legislative races in, among others, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and, particularly, Virginia.
7721	The next-closest player in targets is with 22 (13.7 percent), but he’s out for this game.
7722	The next court session is scheduled for January 10.
7723	The next item on the agenda was a request to install a new pool into an existing paver deck at 1600 East Railroad Ave.
7724	“The next place I saw my wife was at Nkwegu Police Station where she narrated how she committed the crime, attributing it to the handwork of the devil.”
7725	“The next time, you can just go to Planet Kuching to order groceries to be delivered to you.”
7726	The next year, she took the gold for an eight-minute turn as Elizabeth I in Shakespeare in Love; that same year, Cate Blanchett narrowly lost the leading prize for playing the same queen in Elizabeth.
7727	The NFL is standing by its controversial new helmet rule.
7728	Then-Givati Brigade commander Col. Ofer Winter, center, speaks to then-IDF chief of staff Benny Gantz, right, and then-head of the IDF Southern Command Maj. Gen. Sami Turjeman during the 2014 Gaza war on August 2, 2014.
7729	Then he puts up 40 points at Madison Square Garden and gets a phone call from the NBA the very next day.
7730	Then her city was taken by Ukrainian forces.
7731	Then his Excellency did something that amazed me.
7732	The nice little guitar riffs.”
7733	Then I finally started performing with a jazz band — improvisational shit.
7734	The Nigerian Medical Association says doctors will commence full use of doctors’ stamp with effect from April 1 to curb quackery in the medical profession.
7735	The Nigerian Meteorological Agency has predicted cloudy and sunny weather conditions with chances of thunderstorms over most parts of the country on Wednesday.
7736	The Nigeria Police, Plateau state command, has confirmed that no less than three people were killed on Thursday, March 22 in Dong, Jos North local government area of the state after the village was attacked by suspected herdsmen.
7737	The Nikkei 225 index dropped 1.11 percent, or 252.73 points, to 22,437.01 while the broader Topix index was down 1.21 percent, or 21.66 points, at 1,775.
7738	The Nikki Beach Hotels & Resorts division has plans to open over 20 additional properties in the next five years.
7739	Then, in a heartbeat, he was leaping into the arms of teammates after scoring the biggest goal of his life.
7740	The Niro EV was designed at the Kia design centers in California and Namyang, Korea.
7741	Then Lennard decided to cut out the middleman, and saved up to buy her own cotton candy machine, which — not surprisingly — was a big hit with her friends.
7742	Then Monterrey drawed with America.
7743	Then, more recently, President George W. Bush’s huge tax cut and bank deregulation ended up pushing the United States into the Great Recession that damn near tanked the entire financial system.
7744	The NOGs called on security Council and the United Nations to implement of legal and humanitarian responsibility, stop the aggression and keep the port of Hodeidah open for food, medicine, essential needs and humanitarian assistance to the Yemeni people.
7745	The nonprofit was founded by Island resident and yoga teacher Sherry Sidoti.
7746	“The normal working hours for these workers is 8am to 5pm but, since November, they had been working overtime, which, of course, has subjected them to continuous stress and has interfered with their family life.
7747	The North American version of the was the 240SX, which Cox bought in coupe form when he was just out of college.
7748	The Northern Oxford Regional Ambulance Service for which he was president is but one example.
7749	The now-empty vehicle was parked on the shoulder of the railway tracks and it was sideswiped by Via Rail train 64, which was heading to the Kingston, then on to Montreal.
7750	The NSE Nifty also hit a record intra-day high of 11,185.85, before finishing at a new peak of 11,167.30, up 35.30 points, or 0.32 per cent.
7751	Then she did the live drawing.
7752	Then she learned somehow that she had been taken and brought to the Bushman’s cave to help take care of the sick baby.
7753	Then shortly after that someone damaged and defaced Royal's property.
7754	Then the first round of knockout games ended and I had four days to wait for the first quarter-final.
7755	Then there’s the question of — what do they make?
7756	Then there's the rest of the world.
7757	Then they get it.”
7758	Then this BMW rally car showed up, flying sideways and skipping across the ground like a stone and, dammit, you want an E30 again.
7759	The NTSB has custody of the vessel.
7760	The nude version of misery, basically.
7761	The number of competitors makes the VS Gaming FIFA 2018 tournament the largest FIFA gaming tournament on the continent.
7762	The number of Indian billionaires on the Forbes annual list rose from 55 in 2011 to 121 in 2018.
7763	The number of migrants was drastically curtailed by a 2016 accord between Ankara and the EU.
7764	The nurse asks for the man's name.
7765	Then, we were like, “Do we shoot it both ways, so we can have it?
7766	“The occupants have been provided areas within the city where they are permitted to have overnight shelter between the hours of 7 p.m. and 9 a.m.,” McKay said in a statement.
7767	The offer lasts until February 27th, so there are only a few days left to take advantage of the deal.
7768	The officer is seen twirling Saori around the dance floor.
7769	The officer was politely explaining the situation,” Vijayan told reporters at Thiruvanathapuram.
7770	”The officer who opened fire is overcome and disconsolate.
7771	The official message board for Mixin is medium.
7772	The official said similar town hall meetings were organised in Kaura and Zangon Kataf to enlist community support in monitoring the programme.
7773	The official said the warnings were usually received with a shrug.
7774	The official Tibet Daily said part of the monastery, a UNESCO World Heritage Site with a history of more than 1,000 years, caught fire in the early evening.
7775	The officiant was a character from a sketch-comedy show, and two small dogs were involved.
7776	The Oklahoma State commit also fanned 55 batters on the season.
7777	The older sister pleads with her not to tell.
7778	The oldest part of the Arsenale dates back to 1104, when it consisted of 24 small shipyards known in Venetian dialect as “squeri”.
7779	The OL wrote to ACC on January 4 to investigate the case.
7780	The Olympics are traditionally a showcase of national pride and talent, but not for one country this year.
7781	The One and Only is feuding the Velveteen Dream.
7782	The ones I had ended up a little dry, nothing a dab of Papa Mayo or Oh Boi couldn’t fix.
7783	“The ones that are deemed no longer usable get kicked out,” Manuel explained.
7784	The one that is on the website is a provisional one and is not analysable.
7785	The one thing on which I am sure we need to insist is that the merit of a person cannot be established only on the basis of a list of skills or qualifications to be checked off.
7786	The one-time boyfriend of “Real Housewives of New York City” star and entrepreneur Bethenny Frankel was found dead of an apparent overdosed at Trump Tower Friday morning, law enforcement sources says.
7787	The one who will step out of the paper will be out.
7788	The online lending exchange operator said it will buy insurance comparison site QuoteWizard for as much as $370 million.
7789	The only explanation can be it’s hard to shake off one’s love of the land.
7790	The only hope for immigration reform lies with the Democrats gaining a majority in Congress, a longshot, but possible with overwhelming support from Florida Hispanics and immigrant voters.
7791	"The only logical way to explain it is that, unlike other national coaches, Rassie is not worried about keeping his job,” wrote White in a column on the website alloutrugby.
7792	The only outstanding contest is in Mississippi, where the special election is headed to a runoff later this month.
7793	The only real difference here is that quad-core processor, where the previous model had a dual-core.
7794	The only slight frustration (still) being the inability to open two instances of the same app side by side – unless you are using Safari.
7795	The only States I may put on my bucket list are Florida, Maine and Hawaii.
7796	The only thing that could have possibly enhanced the experience further would be a (all you can drink) option.
7797	The only thing that helps IS opiods.
7798	The only time he was under par for his round was after a 5-iron easily cleared the Spectacle bunkers on the par-5 14th and rolled onto the green to a front pin, leaving him an 18-foot eagle putt.
7799	“The only way to go to keep up is to try to get three points in every game from now until the end.”
7800	The on-site Hummingbird restaurant, too, overlooks the water.
7801	The on-the-go ramen spot offers fresh, house-made ramen noodles — something you can't find often — and rich bone-based broths made from scratch ($13).
7802	The opener "Republic" begins familiarly enough, the echoing keyboard and cinematic strains which overlap with excellent guitar work and the subterranean growl of Vortigern.
7803	The operation taps fields off Australia’s northern coast and pipes the gas nearly 900 kilometers (550 miles) to a port near Darwin.
7804	The opinions expressed on this website are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Hoover Institution or Stanford University.
7805	The opposition is seeking to question Sagawa, who resigned last week amid the growing scandal, about the development and motives for the document falsification.
7806	The original design will still be ugly.
7807	The original plan was to transport the coal along a new 388km rail line to a specially built terminal at Adani’s Abbot Point coal port, for export to India.
7808	The original price of the Wacker had been $52,000 or $26,500 for each municipality.
7809	The Orioles have been getting “murdered” all year.
7810	Theory recently defeated WWE developmental star Fabian Aichner and NXT Superstar Roderick Strong in a triple threat match to capture the title, which will not be on the line when he faces Gargano in one month’s time.
7811	The Oscars are coming up this Sunday.
7812	The Oscars are taking place this Sunday and actor and award winning author, told us what movie she thinks might take home Best Picture.
7813	The Oscars telecast director, who unexpectedly popped the question to girlfriend Jan Svendsen that night, stole the show with a tribute to his mum that led to a tear-jerking marriage proposal to his girlfriend.
7814	The OSU group is honoring alumni with a dinner tonight before heading off to their next stop.
7815	The other arresting officer, Cst.
7816	The other issue that has is that so much of its plot is based on existing pop culture, that to enjoy it you obviously need to be able to get all the references.
7817	The other one is the Dodge Charger, extremely popular with cops because of its rear-drive layout and powerful Hemi V8 engine.
7818	The other piece of Intel’s Threat Detection Technology is what Intel calls Advanced Platform Telemetry, which combines machine learning with platform telemetry to better understand what threats are meaningful and need to be acted upon.
7819	” The other reason why we are keeping to our plans and programmes is that we do not want failure, especially on issues concerning late arrival of voting materials at all venues,’’ he said.
7820	The outlines of the deal were agreed, The Washington Post reported, at a series of meetings last week in Houston between Marcelo Ebrard, the incoming Mexican foreign minister, and Mike Pompeo, the US secretary of state.
7821	The overall pressure was real.
7822	The owner, Rithesh Nair, tweeted a picture of his car, directly letting Elon Musk know about his new exposed behind: “1/2 hr, bringing Model 3 home, run in to heavy rain on the streets & bumper comes off.
7823	The owners of struggling hotels in Toronto and New York have paid the Trumps millions of dollars to remove their name from the properties after the election.
7824	The PAC, Rebuilding America Now, was created in the summer of 2016 when Trump was struggling to raise money for his presidential run.
7825	The painting wasn’t so much three-dimensional—more as if someone flipped a playing card at it, the card would disappear into 17th-century and land in the girl’s lap.
7826	The pair coordinated their classy ensembles and were likely the envy of everyone there.
7827	The pair face up to 40 years in prison if convicted.
7828	The pair first crossed paths when Sturrock signed him for Southend eight years ago and his former gaffer played a major role in subsequent moves to Rangers and now United.
7829	The pair were also ordered to pay court costs, with Trewen told to pay back £4,453 and Tattershall landed with a £3,291.87 bill for the proceedings.
7830	The pair were presented with framed Fernabache-themed plaques which had their images by a Board Member of the club Selahattin Baki.
7831	The pancake people also ordered sides of bacon and home fries.
7832	The panel passed the farm bill along party lines 26-20, divided over food stamps and lack of open discussion leading up to the vote.
7833	The Panthers lost game one 5-2 after the Gamecocks strung together three runs in the top of the seventh and game two was a wild ride until the end where Eastern lost 10-9.
7834	The Panthers were led by quarterback Kenny Pickett, who threw for 154 yards and two touchdowns in the victory.
7835	The paper cup industry warned a tax would hurt coffee chains, and said the government should instead focus on providing more recycling points.
7836	The Paramount pic opens in China, which has proven to be the “Transformers” franchise’s most successful market, on Jan.
7837	The participants are from Ghana, Burkina Faso, South Sudan, Sudan, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Sierra Leone, the United States of America, Italy and others.
7838	“The particles themselves are still highly reflective; they are just slightly darker than the particles in the surrounding atmosphere,” said Joshua Tollefson from the University of California at Berkeley in the US.
7839	The parties discussed the ministry's interaction with a number of UN agencies and agencies, the implementation of international technical assistance environmental projects, and the expansion of Belarus' participation in them.
7840	The parties touched upon the current strategy of the EBRD-Armenia partnership, and the ongoing state-implemented and private programs.
7841	The partnership has earned the East Bay Soldiers national recognition.
7842	The party left Friday evening.
7843	The party positioned itself strongly against “over-development” in Kristina Keneally’s campaign for the federal seat of Bennelong, which covers middle-ring suburbs in the north-west.
7844	The passenger in the eastbound vehicle was pronounced dead at the scene.
7845	“The past year and a half have been wild, but what’s bad for the heart is good for the art,” Donaldson said.
7846	The path to holiness, he wrote, is almost always gradual, made up of small steps in prayer, in sacrifice and in service to others.
7847	The patients received follow-up calls after being discharged and were offered appointments with social workers, if necessary.
7848	“The patrimonial settlement cannot atone for the trauma and suffering that I suffered and went through at the hands of the state security agents who were ruthless, merciless and very evil,” she said.
7849	The Patriots won by what, 3-4 points.
7850	The peaceful resolution of the Ethiopian and Eritrean conflict would strengthen regional stability and restore confidence and resilience to the economy of both countries.
7851	The Peace Research Institute of Oslo (Prio) said in early February that Trump’s name was on the list.
7852	The Penguins hit 11 of 35 and struck out just two times.
7853	The People’s Bank of China declined to provide any immediate comment.
7854	The per capita rate was a record high for the city.
7855	The performance in Theatre Arts remained constant with a pass rate of 99.35% in 2018 and 100% in 2017.
7856	The Petco Foundation is asking for people to vote on their favorite Unsung Hero.
7857	The Petty connection is noteworthy because of how the late icon gravitated towards the UK pop reflected here.
7858	The Phantoms were carrying eight defensemen and it seems that was just one too many.
7859	The Philadelphia Union launched a new program with Southern New Hampshire University.
7860	The Pierces were managers of the motel.
7861	The pilot program, which was initiated in 2015 under former President Barak Obama, extended Pell grants to thousands of inmates.
7862	The pirated copy of the movie spread to other websites within no time and several viewers apparently downloaded it.
7863	The Pittsburgh Steelers will be seeking revenge from one of their most humbling losses of the season when they take on the Jaguars this week.
7864	The pizza box with cheese stains?
7865	The placement of the Senate race on the ballot could have made it easy to overlook.
7866	The place was a dive.
7867	The plans were labelled as disastrous by Conservatives, with the MP for Dover saying: "The days of secondary picketing took Britain to the brink before these outdated practices were outlawed.
7868	The players’ association told Global News it’s sorry the league chose not to accept either of its two proposals and they welcome dialogue around ways to create the partnership both sides deserve.
7869	The players of both the teams stand for the national anthem in a packed stadium.
7870	The play-off games would take place between the 6th - 8th of April and then 17th -18th of April, before the group stage draws happens on April 21st.
7871	The PM is presented as a personal saviour, not merely a political leader in distant Delhi.
7872	The poem concerns an expedition into the jungle to find the fabled Bone Church.
7873	The police are taking into account that 32-year-old Dyron Vrutaal was not the target of the Rotterdam shooting in which he was killed on Sunday.
7874	The policy began with a kickoff event Friday in Bosco Student Plaza.
7875	The policy decision to unfairly account for schools that chose not to participate in the survey affected all schools throughout the state and particularly those in our district, Foster said.
7876	The Polish police demonstrated “absolute devotion” to the Nazi authorities, according to Yad Vashem, “although a handful of cases of assistance to Jews by some officers also occurred.”
7877	The Polytechnic students are angry that the management's reluctance top pay lecturers allowances continues to delay their exams.
7878	The “popular tide” movement brought together campaign groups, social movements, trade unions and political parties.
7879	The populations of each of these religious traditions include people of many different races and ethnicities.
7880	“The Poseidon Games VIP Section includes private sheltered seating close to competition zone and opportunities to meet and mingle with the competition riders.
7881	The power button and volume keys are placed on the right side, while, at the base sits a micro USB port, 3.5mm audio jack and mono speaker grills.
7882	The practice itself is meditation-adjacent.
7883	The precedential value at this point appears to be small.
7884	The premiere in Los Angeles was attended by the film’s cast decked in regal African-themed attire.
7885	The premise is an intriguing one, but Cross is under the impression that any gasping implausibility can be papered over with mad expositionary dialogue or, that failsafe contextual device: sitting a character down to watch the news.
7886	The present queen, Elizabeth II, has been extremely careful to keep the monarchy as far as possible away from the political world, apart from her constitutional duties, in which she has followed a code of rigid and undeviating political neutrality.
7887	The president added: “These are precisely the things that block us.
7888	The president also received criticism for seeming to politicize the military when he sent troops to support immigration authorities at the border and for siding with Saudi Arabia over the killing to journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
7889	The president departed a summit of the major industrialised democracies in Quebec the same way he arrived, firing off threats of a trade war.
7890	The President observed that while a few universities were gradually shifting towards supporting the economy through research, others remained largely teaching institutions, saying that trend must change.
7891	The President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to assent to the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill(PIGB) and other bills critical to national development.
7892	The president said he would get a “full report” from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on the diplomat’s return from meetings with Saudi and Turkish leaders and that he’d then know the truth.
7893	The president's plan would use $200 billion in federal money to leverage local and state investments.
7894	The president took to Twitter early Sunday afternoon to respond to Schiff’s criticism, pointing out that Mueller had not been approved by the Senate.
7895	The President urged the media fraternity to take a critical look at the power they wielded and the responsibility they owed society to ensure that they did not sacrifice integrity and the future of society for selfish gains.
7896	"The president will only accept an immigration deal that adequately addresses the visa lottery system and chain migration – two programs that hurt our economy and allow terrorists into our country.
7897	The primary source for her “mass grave” thesis is Barry Sweeney.
7898	The Prime Minister raised the VAT rate to 12% to pay off the $2.3 billion he borrowed in one year and he must not willfully deceive an entire nation on his poor and terrible fiscal policies.
7899	The prime minister said prior to the May 9 election, the then-opposition pact he led was not aware of the total sum of the government’s borrowings.
7900	The Prime Minister said that for the first time gay and straight couples would all have access to the same life choices.
7901	“The principle for which we contended is bound to reassert itself, though it may be at another time and in another form.”
7902	The problem is in blindly trying to follow the trend," Jacob says.
7903	The problem is that most of the Earth’s water resources are as inaccessible as if they were on Mars, and those that are accessible are unevenly distributed across the planet.
7904	The problem of the Vikings stadium is illustrative of the basic problem with the current conception of the Office of City Attorney: Does she work for the mayor and City Council or does she work for us?
7905	The problems of assessment are substantial.
7906	'The problem we have in Africa is that referees always give home advantage and that is what happened in our game against Ghana.
7907	The process lasts for years, and includes a slew of impact assessments.
7908	"The process we saw here is sufficient proof that what President Emerson Mnangagwa initiated when he was then Vice President, is bearing fruits that are tangible," he said.
7909	“The prognosis is excellent, and I expect to be back in the studio taping more ‘Jeopardy’ programs very, very soon,” Trebek, seated in what appeared to be a living room, said in the video.
7910	The program had its shortcomings, though.
7911	The program is in recognition of National Moth Month. No fee or registration is required.
7912	The program launched for the OSU-Cascades campus community in the fall of 2016 with 30 bikes at three stations on and near the campus.
7913	The program selects 20 university undergraduates and 10 graduate students based on essays on agricultural careers and challenges.
7914	The program will continue with dignitaries including Mayor Sandy Moriarty, Coconino County Supervisor Matt Ryan and Yavapai County Supervisor Randy Garrison.
7915	The projects are aimed at making the county more resilient following the 2013 Rim Fire which burned over 257,000 acres.
7916	The Projet Montréal administration has announced it will preserve Notman Garden at the corner of Clark and Milton streets as a park, after years of protests against proposed development of the green space.
7917	“(The property) is definitely too small for a school,” Tarantino said.
7918	The proportion of teens who reported viewing medical marijuana ads increased sharply over the course of the study, possibly because more ads appeared during the push to legalize marijuana in the state.
7919	The protesters did get support from Senate President Harriette Chandler.
7920	The pro-Trump tabloid never ran McDougal’s claims, sparking claims it had been hushed up by someone connected to the Trump campaign.
7921	The PT will use all appeals to delay any final ruling on Lula’s registration and say that he is their only candidate.
7922	The public can also still weigh-in on the proposed legislation, and submit their comments and feedback directly to the Law Reform Commission.
7923	The public education system in B.C. is non-sectarian.
7924	The punishment is under appeal, and Edelman will relinquish $470,588.20 if it is upheld, according to ESPN.
7925	The Punjab National Bank, which is hit by the Nirav Modi scam, is also likely to be one of the beneficiaries.
7926	The pun was met by a wave of laughter and cheers of support.
7927	The puppy was found on June 13 by passersby in a wooded area in the Sapanca district of the western province of Sakarya fighting for its life after four of its feet had been cut off.
7928	“The purpose of introducing the ‘other acts’ evidence is to cut against the idea that this is a one-off, he said-she said where he could have reasonably thought that she was consenting to what was going on,” she said.
7929	The Quadro RTX 8000 model is the flagship card with 4608 CUDA cores, 576 Tensor cores and 48GB of Samsung GDDR6 memory on it!
7930	The quake was felt in Iraq capital Baghdad and many provinces, Xinhua news agency reported.
7931	“The quality of work presented by this year’s Mayor’s Young Leader Award finalists was exceptional,” Suthers said.
7932	The quarterback that would put a halt to the Bears’ painful revolving door at the position.
7933	"The question is can we afford to betray this legacy?
7934	“The question is more about how the mind and body will hold up.”
7935	The question of morality must then be assessed.
7936	The question seldom asked, however, is whether that incentive to innovate is worth the colossal cost borne by consumers and taxpayers.
7937	The question the 43-year-old will face is whether he has the experience in Europe’s toughest leagues to adapt immediately to Arsenal, with his previous jobs having come in Portugal, Greece and France.
7938	The Raiders closed the quarter with consecutive baskets by Sadie Sinn before a Gudakunst bucket extended the advantage to 39-24 at the end of three periods.
7939	The raid led to a souring of ties between the two countries, once close economic and security partners.
7940	The raids were said to be in connection to investigations into mega projects – the Multi Product Pipeline (MPP), Trans-Sabah Gas Pipeline (TGSP) and the East Coast Rail Line (ECRL).
7941	The Railways had started to demolish the bridge earlier this week.
7942	The Rams did not score in the tilt and Platt was still trailing 1-0 going into the top of the sixth.
7943	The Random Read 4K performance on the same drive is up to 500,000 IOPS read and 400,000 IOPS write.
7944	The Rapha Clinic would like to show appreciation to all of sponsors.
7945	The rapper and co-host of CBS’s “The Talk” revealed during a segment on Tuesday that the first time she met Jackson was at a party after her drink had been spiked.
7946	“The reality is that it’s a beautifully written role where Tiegen gets to stand in her power and really be a leader.
7947	The reality is that the EU cannot ban the import of Russian energy resources.
7948	The reality is that the festival offers one of the most sonically diverse grouping of bands you could probably ask for — enough to satiate more or less any tastes.
7949	The reality is that there is no rush.”
7950	The real kicker is when they started to crack jokes about the man.
7951	The real rapist, Matias Reyes, came forward 13 years later after meeting one of the Five, Korey Wise.
7952	There appear to be some notable changes in the global market environment compared to previous years.
7953	“There are actually pain patients who are committing suicide because their medications have been cut down so far or completely eliminated by gun-shy doctors, and they just choose not to live with the pain and humiliation."
7954	“There are a lot of disappointed faces in the changing room but I am really proud of the team,” Joseph said.
7955	There are a lot of things to interpret based on the findings of the 2018 DI FBS Leadership College Racial and Gender Report Card.
7956	There are also marching groups, classic autos and trucks, farm equipment, horseback riders, costumed walkers and bicycles.
7957	There are also some spots like Rockford’s Anderson Japanese Gardens that may surprise some people, he said.
7958	There are a range of ticket options, with single-day general admission tickets ranging from $25 to $50 to a four-day platinum sports and diamond music club admission for $1,888.
7959	There are a select few who aggressively pursue the betterment of West Indian cricket and they’re trying to address the deficiences.
7960	There are been many remarkable apps for Apple Watch in the App store, and Chirp is one of them.
7961	There are certainly people who don’t get to speak, or get cut off during their comments.
7962	There are currently 141,298 people, or about 11 percent of all voters in King County, that are considered "inactive," according to Kafia Hosh, a spokesperson for King County Elections.
7963	There are days when the local restaurant scene moves…
7964	There are exceptions where the infraction is so severe or if the circumstances compel suspension of the employee without pay.
7965	There are four substantial populations of Jews: Ashkenazi Jews (central and eastern Europe), Sephardic Jews (Spain and Portugal), Mizrahi Jews (Levant, North Africa and Central Asia) and Ethiopian Jews (Eritrea and Ethiopia).
7966	There are further investigations in relation to the purchase and sale of several goods stolen by the man, with the likelihood of further charges being laid.
7967	There are holes everywhere on defense.
7968	"There are internal party processes that are currently underway and once we are through with that, we will set a date," said Mr Ko- michi.
7969	There are many different assorted solutions to process British, at times it is usually tough to know how to start.
7970	There are many forms that this leveling might take, but the redistribution of wealth certainly is not one.
7971	There are many places on campus where students can find snacks or full meals.
7972	There are no adjacent residential uses within the shadow line, according to the architect.
7973	There are no separate rules for mainstream and non-mainstream acting.
7974	There are now more than 108 million contactless cards being used and spending topped £25 billion last year.
7975	There are some 700 IV drug users in Iceland, reports, and about 13 of them die every year.
7976	There are two flavours, milk and cascara.
7977	There are two recurring issues that warrant clarification: the possible role of the North Atlanic Treaty Organization in a U.K. response, and the range of possible U.K. actions.
7978	“There are very few points of service in Newfoundland with a lot of gatekeepers,” she said.
7979	There are window seats, cosy booths, and a bright greenhouse area where you can catch a few rays.
7980	The reason the “I am your father” line resonates so strongly, he explained, is not just because it’s a surprise—but because it’s the “hardest possible thing that Luke, and hence the audience, could hear at that moment.”
7981	The reason this hasn’t happened is because European governments simply don’t want to do it.
7982	The reason this is a value is because with trade comes growth, and with growth comes jobs.
7983	The rebuild project was estimated to possibly take up to a year, which was devastating news to her.
7984	There can be no resolution by plea agreement unless both the DA and defense agree to it.
7985	The recent coalition of the ANC and EFF indicates Ramaphosa and the ANC feel there is a surge of black racial unity against whites and other races.
7986	The recent official visit paid to Ethiopia by the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson indicates that both countries are interested to foster mutual cooperation both on bilateral and regional issues.
7987	The record of the US since WWII shows that is not very important to DoD.
7988	The records DHS plans to include in HART will chill and deter people from exercising their First Amendment protected rights to speak, assemble, and associate.
7989	There could be a connection between the aberrations and the villain Mallus, but that the Legends are in the middle of it all is certainly odd to say the least.
7990	The Red Devils won both contests in the EPL last season, a 2-0 win at Goodison Park and a 4-0 win at Old Trafford with Anthony Martial on target on each victory.
7991	There, doctors recorded her issues: cough, difficulty breathing that was worsening by the minute, and sudden stabbing pains in the chest with every inhalation and exhalation.
7992	The red rhubarb is the only transplant, coming from her mother in Dubuque and her memories, perhaps moving along with her from home to home.
7993	The Redskins were a bad TEAM, they didn’t not win because of Cousins, but because of the team around him.
7994	The referendum monitors will bepresent to monitor the activities throughout the day as well as the count.
7995	Therefore, I boarded the Tupolev jet of Armenian Airlines in Paris and landed in Yerevan around 3 am one night.
7996	Therefore please stop talking with buzzwords like “compromise”, or, “both sides need to…” or, “come together on this issue”.
7997	Therefore, the authorities should come down hard on the banned outfits getting into the election fray.”
7998	Therefore, the only inference to draw is that your unproven allegation was informed by a dangerously cultivated, albeit unwarranted malice against our client.
7999	Therefore, virtually, the 2011 population becomes a proxy for backwardness again.
8000	Therefore, you and I need to discuss what topical issues can be submitted to the Supreme State Council for consideration and when we will be able to hold this session,” Alexander Lukashenko said.
8001	The regime kept a dossier on every individual that tracked political and personal transgressions.
8002	There had been scuttlebutt that O’Brien wouldn’t sign an extension unless Gaine gets the G.M. job.
8003	There have been 19 cases of adenovirus at the center.
8004	There is a 2 euro donation entry charge, whilst children and dogs go free.
8005	There is a black middle class and a lot of them are in government jobs.
8006	“There is a great opportunity for economic development.”
8007	There is a group training session for all levels of fitness.
8008	There is a historic sentiment in Haiti that the island it shares with the Dominican Republic should be one and indivisible – not only geographically, but also politically, economically, and in virtually every other regard.
8009	There is a language called Hausa but we speak Xhosa which is South African.
8010	There is a lot more awareness and intent on show with regular discussions and nations pledging to cut down on greenhouse gas emissions.
8011	There is also a huge opportunity for the Republicans if they will seize it.
8012	There is also legitimate speculation that they will deal captain Ryan McDonagh.
8013	“There is also social discrimination in our country, based on caste and gender.
8014	"There is an obvious fear by government that if they give that five percent to councils which are mostly run by the MDC, they will provide services and get all the credit — much to the detriment of Zanu-PF.
8015	There is a possibility that the Bears can sign Dez Bryant despite many observers expecting other teams to join the fray.
8016	There is currently no battery test that will give you an accurate and meaningful estimation for YOUR usage.
8017	There is currently no plan in place for the use of radio spectrum.
8018	There is fear that Jewish American progressives could find ourselves abandoned and politically homeless.
8019	There is, however, no specific indication of how they intend to do this given that the current structure of Cabinet flows from the Constitution.
8020	“There is no big technical issue.
8021	There is no cost to see Heaney’s performance, which will start at 8 p.m. Call 585-968-1232 for reservations for the buffet.
8022	“There is no factual basis to say that in this case, the interests of the inquiring magistrate and the police are conflicting or to imply that the police has some interest in not solving this murder,” the appellants said.
8023	“There is no greater duty than to take care of our Kansas kids.”
8024	"There is no sign of me having dementia at this stage of my life.
8025	There is no talking about money and Greg Lopez without talking about money and Darryl Glenn, the Republican nominee who sought to unseat Bennet in 2016.
8026	There is not enough gratitude and love in the world to give JT for the years of hard work and time he put into the Monday nights at the Clown Lounge and the last 6+ years here at Icehouse.
8027	There is nothing spectacular about his vocals, but they deliver consistently and with intent.
8028	There is no truth to any suggestion otherwise."
8029	There isn’t any purpose if you aren’t alert to this main reason for composing it, in writing an essay.
8030	There isn’t a strong, lead babyface anywhere to be found.
8031	There isn’t much to say, but that this is probably the day the filmmaker had been waiting for all her life.
8032	There is only one thing in nature that is more painful to step on than Lego pieces - Magic Tracks.
8033	There is probably no application for commercial power, but there is for special uses for this reactor.”
8034	“There is still work to be done in order to regain investor confidence and full access to the markets,” said Dimitris Dalipis, head of fixed income at Alpha Trust Mutual Fund Management SA in Athens.
8035	“There is surely room for us to improve as a student society, and we intend to do so moving forward.”
8036	There is zero allocation to Technical and Vocational Education.
8037	The released statement says, “Nanasaheb does not want any inconvenience caused to anyone and hence in the backdrop of false accusations levelled against him.
8038	There’ll be a plush 50-seat movie theater that shares a hall with the 14 five-star hotel rooms and suites.
8039	The remaining percentage faces structural dysfunction in the institutions supposed to oversee the allocation of funds and an “incoherent public policy” that complicate access to investments for startups.
8040	“The remains of leather straps were also preserved inside of spirals and hangers.
8041	There may be a time but it's going to be a long time."
8042	“There may be many instances when agents will advise that ‘anything smaller than a golf ball is okay’.
8043	There more you know, I guess.
8044	The report cited neonatal sepsis, pneumonia, respiratory distress syndrome, and prematurity as the main causes.
8045	The report guesswork is predicated on historic Particle Board For Construction market information from 2012 to 2017 and current market endurances.
8046	The report identifies various reasons for the decline of natural resources, but the most prominent seem to be a lack of infrastructure as well as proper monitoring and custody of the areas in question.
8047	The report monitored the education of groups born between 1940 and 1980 and found that 46 of 50 countries with the lowest rates of mobility were part of the developing world.
8048	The report particularly promotes the smartphone’s 6000 mAh battery, which is described as “maximum capacity.”
8049	The reports aid in the Town Manager’s considerations when preparing the budget proposal.
8050	The report would also include executive summary, providing the overview of the global TETRA market.
8051	The Republican candidate was unopposed for the office, earning 1,179 votes.
8052	The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills and abilities required to satisfactorily perform the essential duties and responsibilities.
8053	There really down sides, and some are scary.
8054	“There’s a certain sympathy factor for the businesses that were affected by the flood, and I think that shows a good sense of corporate citizenship that they want to step in.”
8055	There’s a direct correlation between rising rents and an increased number of people who become homeless.
8056	There’s a fundamentally effective ruthlessness behind the Greek ethos and its unyielding enforcement of a cultural hegemony.
8057	There’s a game of cricket to be played and we’re here to win it.
8058	There’s a huge amount that goes on that’s real human nature.
8059	There’s also not enough actual sponsorship of women.
8060	Theresa May employed the term last week when she accused Jeremy Corbyn of "mansplaining" International Women's Day to her during Prime Minister's Question Time.
8061	There’s a New Moon with your financial name on it.
8062	“There’s a shooter up there.
8063	There’s a stereotype that only a certain type of people use food shelves, and that they’re not your neighbors, they’re not the people you know.
8064	There’s been much coverage of the fact that the sleep-deprived are less efficient at work, fatter and more likely to take time off sick.
8065	The rescue operation commenced around 10am local time and the soonest any boy will be freed is 9pm, said Narongsak Osatanakorn, former governor of Chiang Rai province, who is heading up the rescue operation.
8066	“There’s four families that are grieving right now.
8067	The residents and the Belgian police exchanged fire, resulting in the death of one of the three occupants and the wounding of three officers.
8068	“There’s no clarity here,” said David Murakami Wood, the Canada Research Chair in surveillance studies at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ont.
8069	There's no guarantee that the transformation will be successful.
8070	There’s no previous Ms. Marvel that needs to exist, and no reason to bring up the Inhumans, either, even if they use Terrigen Mist as part of her origin.
8071	There’s not any magic play to call… One minute it’s one spot on the offense and one minute it’s another.
8072	There’s not automatically anything wrong or insulting to the Muppets’ memory in the telling a story about humans and puppets coexisting — as they also do, recall, throughout the Muppets universe — in a grittier, crueler, “realer” world.
8073	There’s not much going on in this match except giving the crowd a breather after the last match.
8074	There’s not very many stations that do that,” Cook said.
8075	There's no word of openers on the 21 & up show.
8076	“The responsibility lies primarily with the Kingdom to make sure that we comply with our obligations under the treaties.”
8077	There’s some expectation of a new USB-C to Lightning cable (at last).
8078	“There’s songs that came out after the war and my dad still sings them,” she says.
8079	“The restaurant industry is responsible for a big part of the problem, so we should try to take care of it.
8080	There’s that iceberg philosophy of writing, where you don’t see the iceberg, but you know it’s there.
8081	The rest of the teammates forge on to the South Side to compete the 150 miles in just about 24 hours time.
8082	The rest of you will have to imagine the astonishing joy and the unconditional love expressed in those moments.
8083	The result is for now, and until an accommodation can be reached with Syria, the campaign against ISIS that had been making steady progress has stalled.
8084	The results or outcomes you produce however depend on your approach, in other words, your mindset or attitude.
8085	There, the team placed sixth, while individually, she took 18th place.
8086	The Rev. Jesse Jackson, right, leaves an event at the National Memorial for Peace and Justice in Montgomery, Ala., on Thursday, April 26, 2018.
8087	There was also a fentanyl overdose there shortly before the homicides.
8088	There was a whole lot of worry about his status.
8089	There was investigation, there was cooperation between the police and secret services of both countries.
8090	There was just one problem: that team from the other side of the state relishes playing spoiler for their rivals when the stakes are the highest.
8091	There was so much sharing and reciprocity; it felt a lot more equal.”
8092	There was the case where the man was found frozen to the ground on East Union Street, taken to Newark Wayne Hospital with a 50º core body temperature.
8093	There was this mystique, and there were these letters that got passed around the office written by this man named Klarman, and I found out he had a book.
8094	There were 39 women who turned up to join in Friday’s sponsored Twilight Walk from the Victory Hall in Benderloch.
8095	There were also concerns about his intelligence and work ethic, which forced him into the NFL Draft before he was ready.
8096	There were also self-accidents and leg cramps reported, Tumulak added.
8097	'There were footprints in Viktorija's blood in the pavilion, and the tread pattern of those footwear impressions matches the sole pattern that you get with Adidas Gazelles.
8098	There were four abstentions including Britain.
8099	There were irregularities in trading activity, automatic alarms triggered.
8100	There were long TSA security lines wrapping around checkpoints.
8101	There were lots of good old-fashioned cocktails, finger food galore and exquisite desserts.
8102	There were (muted) celebrations this week as the number of UK companies reporting pay differences between their male and female employees exceeded 2,000.
8103	There were no lawsuits.
8104	There were several bad days in November 2002, when stagnant air helped home heating woodsmoke hang around in the air.
8105	“There were several heads of states that were supportive.
8106	There were smiles all around when the Lions Club of Amanzimtoti visited Lindokuhle Crèche at Isipingo’s Dakota informal settlement to deliver beanies to each child on Friday, 3 August.
8107	There were suggestions last night that he had told team officials he believed his drink had been spiked at a training camp in Japan, before he travelled to South Korea.
8108	There were ups and downs but now Hoffman is allowed to have overnight stays.
8109	There were very clear, innovative ideas; or ones with phenomenal social impact.
8110	There were witness reports of an argument prior to the killing, police said.
8111	There will also be lunch provided including hot dogs, chips and drinks.
8112	There will be a free family program, “Emoji-ze your Surroundings,” featuring artist Lisa Ficarelli-Halpern on Saturday, April 28, from 1 to 3 p.m.
8113	"There will be a machine learning algorithm that will smooth that out for you, so that you don't even have to really think about it," Monsees said.
8114	There will be an opportunity for anyone wishing to speak to do so.
8115	There will be a small amount of all three barrel-aged versions on draft.
8116	There will be little room for experiments because we have to win,” Enrique said.
8117	There will be no changes to the normal weekend visitation schedule until after the rule making process is complete.
8118	There will be no quick fix for Swansea, who start their season at Sheffield United on Saturday, but that is all part of the appeal for Potter.
8119	There will be periodic flagging operations along SR 13 and SR 149 for clearing and grade work operations.
8120	There you meet Syl, a kind of fairy who acts as your teacher in this weird new world.
8121	The ride raised $5,000 in its first year, $10,000 in its second, $20,000 in its third.
8122	The right-handed shooting defenseman froze several Blue Jackets skaters as he circled the net and eventually found Cizikas all alone in front.
8123	The right-wing groups were objecting to the observance of ‘Victory Day’ since they considered it to be an anti-national celebration.
8124	The Rivers State Chief Executive, Chief Nyesom Wike has vowed to intensify his administration’s efforts to develop the State.
8125	Thermo Fisher Scientific opened at $231.42 on Friday, reports.
8126	The RNLI has a long and varied history, saving people in all different situations at sea, whether it be a group of friends whose dinghy has floated out too far or a boat which has entered tempestuous weather and needs immediate help.
8127	The road project, which is 46 kilometers, excludes the parts from Eric More to Okokomaiko section in Lagos.
8128	The robbers forced the two women to lie in a bed, where the victims were shot in the head.
8129	The robots are able to observe people walking on the sidewalks, record license plate numbers, detect the heat in objects, and see which cellphone serial numbers are within a designated patrolling area.
8130	The rocket launched at 4.30pm local time, and began its second mission to the International Space Station.
8131	The Roland E. Powell Ocean City Convention Center currently offers about 60,000 square feet of exhibit space, 19,126 square feet of ballroom space, 23,295 square feet of meeting space, a 1,200 seat Performing Arts Center and 1,320 parking spaces.
8132	The rolling ten-week average headed into this week is 1.81.
8133	The roofline and exterior are designed to allow the natural flow of air to move effortlessly over the car as you drive.
8134	The room broke out in applause.
8135	The Rotary Interact Club is a club for young people aged 12 to 18 who want to join together to tackle the issues in their community.
8136	The Royal Canadian Mint invites the public to trade their change for the new.
8137	The royal father said that the project when completed would reduce the suffering of the people.
8138	The Rugbytots Tartan Tryathlon will see the children taking part in three activities – scoring, passing and kicking, with money being raised through sponsorship and donations.
8139	The ruling from a state district judge means the Montana Department of Environmental Quality would have to conduct a lengthy environmental review before Lucky Minerals can proceed.
8140	The rumor that Jon Hamm is in talks to play Batman is not true, says Jon Hamm.
8141	The rumours come courtesy of an alleged former low-level Fox employee called SlugZilla (who was apparently a low-level Fox employee involved in The New Mutants from before Josh Boone was brought on board.
8142	The rupee took a further knock against the pound sterling and finished at 90.34 per pound from 89.79.
8143	The rupee was the only emerging-market Asian currency that weakened Monday as Brent prices rallied 6.2 percent to $62.4 per barrel.
8144	The Russian Air Force only began to resume regular long-range patrols in East Asia in 2014 following the deterioration of Russia-Japan diplomatic relations as a result of the war in Eastern Ukraine.
8145	“The sales price information is only one aspect of a real estate agent’s role.
8146	The same applies to the high number of people who are struck down on the freeway where more often than not, they lose their lives.
8147	The same document quoted psychologists who examined Gagné regularly beginning in 1999.
8148	The same is true for baby boys and their mothers.
8149	The same would seem to go for siccing the regulatory hounds on them.
8150	The San Diego Community College District’s Board of Trustees approved a spending plan for its grants at a meeting in October.
8151	The San Juan Bautista Temple in Quiñota was built between 1600 and 1650, according to ecclesiastic sources.
8152	The San Juans have been particularly hard-hit, with the southwest mountains sitting at only about a third of their typical season-to-date snowfall.
8153	The scammer can then steal information from the victim’s computer or device.
8154	The scheduling of hasn’t been steady but it’s always managed to find a spot with The CW’s limited airtime.
8155	The school bands and the veteran’s bands, flags and lots of people.
8156	The school had 501 students enrolled, but Todaro is figuring on 20 to 25 more when all is said and done.
8157	The school is located at 93 Ascot Road and was built in 1917.
8158	The score stood until halftime at 14-7 in the Cardinals’ favor.
8159	The Scott babies are the second set of quintuplets born at the hospital in 18 months.
8160	“The sea is taking the land back and taking the pump house and lifesaving tower with it!” said Arlene McIlroy.
8161	These and other predatory behaviors are distorting the global markets and harming businesses and workers not just in the US, but around the global, just like we expect the leaders of other countries to protect their interests.
8162	These apps encourage higher-order thinking skills; display data that requires analysis; and discuss and test various theories.
8163	The search was also extended to Oyo street, perhaps the Uyo was a typographic error for Oyo, but only 17 and 19 exist and not 16A.
8164	These are bold, daring plans, but Thai officials are insisting that none of the boys will be put at risk.
8165	These are by and large humane and forward-thinking individuals, and it is no more than their developed nuances and uncontrolled situation that leads to problems.
8166	These are Dixon’s second Commonwealth Games and yesterday, speaking from Australia, he told the Chronicle he was delighted to have made the final.
8167	These are not expenditures.
8168	“These are people who have lived in the forest for generations.
8169	These are roads where it is not just unpleasant to drive on, it is getting to being unsafe, and expensive, as most vehicles are not designed for the shake, rattle, and holes of Gabriola roads.
8170	These are some of the common traits which lead to muscle stress and pain.
8171	These attributable gold equivalent ounces when combined with the gold ounces sold from the Company's gold streams equal total attributable gold equivalent ounces sold and may be subject to change.
8172	These bad boys at mean business.
8173	“These cats were his family, they were all he had.
8174	The second floor is also not a silent floor, so you can study with friends.
8175	The second half provided much of the same and by the time Madison County decided to slow the game down mid-way through the third quarter, the outcome was no longer in doubt.
8176	The second half saw the game swing consistently as the visitors looked to get a bigger lead against a team determined to get back into the game.
8177	“The second issue is having pain or fatigue, (it) can make getting to classes very difficult.
8178	The second occurred on March 25 when the dead bodies of retired lieutenant Pablo Bernal Betancourth, 59, and his nephew Armando Serracín, 35, were found., in Villa Lobos Pedregal.
8179	The second occurrence seemed to trigger a failure of our wi-fi.
8180	The second ordinance authorizes the acquisition of 425 Main St. for the purchase price of $1,990,000.
8181	The secretary-general of the movement Ismael Jalab said in a statement that "since the start of the first broadcast, Radio Dabanga has been a radio and media outlet respected, professional, and capable of broadcasting the right news.
8182	The secretary should ensure the Office of the Chief Human Capital Officer collects complete and accurate data from its components on all filled and vacant cybersecurity positions when it conducts its cybersecurity identification and coding efforts.
8183	These funds raised will go towards the medical and other day-to-day needs of little cancer patients.
8184	The segment even includes a nod to one of her best-known films, "My Cousin Vinny."
8185	These guys just want to rev it up again, for personal profit.
8186	These include denuclearisation but also the dismantling of short- and mid-range missile systems, submarine launch systems and biological and chemical weapons.
8187	“These include ensuring they are told about the situation in their areas of origin … and are consulted on their wishes, that their safety is ensured.”
8188	These involves finance, transportation, commerce and trade, professional services, manufacturing and infrastructure, energy, resources, agriculture and other fields, a total of 22 open measures.
8189	The selection will be made on the basis of a written test only.
8190	These legislative actions might seem less grass-roots and more bureaucratic than the student and community organizing that produced the massive turnout for the first Earth Day celebrations.
8191	The sell-off has erased more than $200bn from the firm's market value, which is calculated by multiplying the share price by the number of traded shares cited in the firms' most recent quarterly reports.
8192	The Senate had on January 16, 2018, issued a 14-day ultimatum to the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Ibrahim Idris, to investigate and arrest the perpetrators of the Benue attacks that led to the death of over 73 persons.
8193	These new Centers will provide training, networking, and linkages between the university and the private sector to increase career opportunities and job training for students and alumni.
8194	The Sensex fell by 45.26 points or 0.12 per cent, while the Nifty lost 8.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, during the week.
8195	The sentences, which were without an option of a fine, will run concurrently, meaning Edet will spend only 21 years in jail.
8196	The Sentinelese have been known to attack anyone who goes to the island, seeing them as a threat.
8197	The separation of families at the U.S.-Mexico border and Italy's refusal to let shipwrecked migrants disembark in its ports illustrate the hardening positions on border control in Washington and European capitals.
8198	These people were likely struggling to make a living and eating raw plants and dried meats likely made up much of their diets.
8199	These physical sensations tend to reinforce the emotional feelings which then fuel the thoughts and vice versa and we’re off to the races of not feeling good.
8200	These products often claim to work by increasing the speed at which one’s body gets rid of the toxic chemical acetaldehyde.
8201	These researchers were among the first to identify C.T.E. in the brains of football players and later in soldiers who had experienced blast injuries to their heads.
8202	The series of coincidences, however, did not stop here.
8203	The series won three Canadian Screen Awards in 2017, including one for Harris as best host in a live program or series.
8204	The service declined to say how many green-card holders are in its system waiting to ship to training, citing the open litigation.”
8205	The service’s multiple options have made it increasingly complicated, however.
8206	These sophomores who choose to be in Malibu can find that the campus is rife with opportunity for them.
8207	These tastes and smells are comfortingly timeless sensations within the sea of cranes, construction, and change that is modern-day Clerkenwell.
8208	The setback comes as a huge shocker to the year-old BJP government in Uttar Pradesh, where Adityanath has represented Gorakhpur in the Lok Sabha seat for five consecutive times.
8209	These tiny Thalaivar microbots are winning hearts all over.
8210	These two export programs directly generated $2.1 billion per year for U.S. farmers from 2002 through 2014.
8211	These two hormones are testosterone regulators.
8212	These types of strategies can be applied to all situations.
8213	The seven-member commission of inquiry into the August 1 disturbances wound up its work last week and presented the executive summary of its report to President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Thursday, three months after it got into the office.
8214	These views are notable because they flatly contradict Trump.
8215	“These white politicians who are crooked, these black politicians who are crooked, we’re gonna go at them, get this city back.”
8216	"The shares were offered at a price of 200 pence, and are now trading at a price of 260 pence, reflecting an immediate premium of 30 per cent to the IPO price."
8217	The shares were purchased at an average price of $18.00 per share, with a total value of $1,000,008.00.
8218	The shield and the helmet are from a Chinese brand, Fox said.
8219	The shift in strategy comes, not coincidentally, after a year in which Facebook came under governmental scrutiny for its role in spreading misinformation and hate speech.
8220	The shock defeat for the Congress that year was however not because of a surge of vote for the Left, but a strong showing by BJP candidate PS Sreedharan Pillai, who emerged a close third.
8221	The shooting happened in June of last year in the 100 block of O’Neal Street.
8222	The shop only uses local dairy and flavors available at the farms in Homestead.
8223	“The show has never seen this amount of competition between the judges before, they are all set on winning.”
8224	The show regularly has over 1 million viewers per episode and has been MTV’s biggest success to date.
8225	The sidewalk plows are made to handle smaller amounts of snow, the mayor said.
8226	The sight of senior North Korean officials stepping foot inside the South for the Olympics riveted Koreans.
8227	The signed and adopted EIR formally adopts a local street improvement alternative to the multibillion dollar 8-lane tunnel proposed 15 years ago to replace the originally proposed surface freeway route.
8228	The Silent Auction will run from Opening Night on Friday 13th April 2018 until 4.00pm on Saturday 21st April, the final day of the show.
8229	The Simpsons are such iconic characters; Bart could be that age forever because it’s a more surreal show.
8230	The site boasts over 5,000 different retro games for PCs and consoles that you can play directly in your browser, including some decently modern titles like Command and Conquer: Red Alert and Duke Nukem 3D.
8231	The site had both Bronze Age (IV and V Period) cremations and Early Modern (16th -18th century) coffin burials.
8232	The site of the former hotel already has planning permission for a 117-bed student housing complex.
8233	The situation is forecast to continue through June as well, with blocking high pressure areas keeping average temperatures three to five degrees higher than normal for the time of year.
8234	The situation is the same for the ADC, the party adopted by Chief Olusegun Obasanjo’s Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM).
8235	The Sixers took Holmes with the 37th overall pick of the 2015 draft.
8236	The Sixers traded with Boston to move up to the No. 1 spot in the draft last June to take the University of Washington star in hopes he’d be the missing piece on a promising team that includes young stars Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons.
8237	The Skripals, who were exposed to the nerve agent Novichok, were found unconscious on a park bench earlier this year after leaving the restaurant.
8238	The Skyboom FC was inaugurated last week at the Oyarifa Doga Football Park and was graced by Eastern Region Football Association Chairman, Alhaji A. A Lawal.
8239	The sleep soother market also fuels by e-commerce as various manufacturer and vendors sell their product through the third-party online channel.
8240	The snake did not charm Eve with a WhatsApp message, did it?
8241	The socialite concluded that “the public knew little or nothing about suffrage and that the strategies employed up to that point to publicize the movement had been totally inadequate.”
8242	The social, political and economic scars of the October Revolution are still evident today, perhaps most notably in stalled democratic reforms within modern-day Russia.
8243	The social worker, I know, was supposed to engage them fully.
8244	The Soldotna Trooper Dispatch aired a REDDI report on a blue Dodge Dakota, which was speeding up and slowing down on the Sterling Highway near Sunrise Café in Cooper Landing traveling southbound, on April 26.
8245	The sole survivor, Prakash Sawant-Desai, who escaped the tragedy with minor injuries, managed to climb to safety and alerted the university and police authorities of the accident around 10.30 am.
8246	The song's upbeat energy is infectious, with Twain's enthusiastic spirit shining through along with the cheerful lyrics that celebrate womanhood.
8247	The son was produced by the label’s Chief Executive and lead producer, Don Jazzy.
8248	The soon-to-be 31-year-old is the Panthers’ all-time leading rusher with 7,318 yards, which he churned out at a clip of 4.3 YPC.
8249	The soul remains in Italy, while the part time politician passes good time occassionally and goes to relax under the lap of g mother.
8250	The sources added that the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces informed the US-led coalition forces of these developments.
8251	The source said they will also look into the not less than N242 billion required for the conduct of 2019 general elections.
8252	The sources did not say how many more ships Britain would be need.
8253	The South Dakota State women’s basketball team scored a season-high 35 points in the first quarter and never stopped scoring in its 103-54 win over Omaha in Saturday afternoon’s The Summit League game at Baxter Arena.
8254	The S&P 500, Dow Jones and the Nasdaq Composite were losing almost a percent after US President Donald Trump tweeted a warning to Russia on Wednesday to “get ready” for Syrian missile strikes.
8255	The species’ apparent slow recovery is prompting fishermen to seek bigger commercial catch quotas and environmentalists to call for a more conservative approach.
8256	The S&P index is moving toward a retest of its 200 day MA at 2585.30.
8257	The sports club got $163 350 up from $107 266. Manwele Beer Garden dropped to $95 829 from $241 508 in 2016 as it continued to make losses.
8258	“The Springfield we see now isn’t the same Springfield I left when I went to New York,” said Gagnon.
8259	The staff is also evaluating Ohio State graduate transfer offensive tackle and pursuing, but Texas is most likely done recruiting high school and junior college offensive linemen with four recruits currently signed.
8260	The standard you not only walk past but actively fight to protect is most certainly the standard you accept.
8261	The star forward had sight of goal, but her powerful effort is over the bar.
8262	The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Monday issued Payment Systems Review January-March, 2018 providing details about the fast growth of digital transactions in the country.
8263	The state government has recently given a nod for the extension of the Metro line 7 till the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport’s Terminal 2 towards the southern end of the line.
8264	The state governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun had last week declared his intention to contest the same senatorial seat in 2019 on the platform of the ruling party in the state.
8265	The state has had a law on the books since the sixties which banned “taping wire and oral communications with the legislature,” but it had been applied to cover other public officials and even the police.
8266	The state wants to allow plans that would, among other violations of the Affordable Care Act, allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums to people with pre-existing conditions.
8267	The state would have 25 counties, including all of the Birmingham metropolitan region.
8268	The status quo of Sierra Leonean women in Sierra Leone has constantly been part of my quiet moments.
8269	“The stigma discrimination towards the trans-community has not reduced,” Abheena Aher, associate director of the India HIV/AIDS Alliance said before the bill was passed.
8270	The stock has a market capitalization of $2.15 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.48, a PEG ratio of 1.49 and a beta of 0.89.
8271	The stock is extended from a 39.85 buy point.
8272	The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $65.90.
8273	The stock was sold at an average price of $135.81, for a total value of $308,017.08.
8274	The stock was sold at an average price of $67.66, for a total transaction of $1,224,578.34.
8275	The storm didn’t only wipe out Keith’s next harvest, it wiped out ten years of hard work by Keith and his divers – a situation comparable to a farmer having all her topsoil wash away in a flood.
8276	The storm system began to move into the Mason City area around 4:17pm.
8277	The story continued: “These injustices are so widespread as to seem practically written into our nation’s DNA.
8278	The strategy undertaken over the last few years in advancing Zone 58N is to leverage the infrastructure we have in this prospective gold camp by finding high grade satellite deposits within trucking distance to our mill.
8279	TheStreet cut Thor Industries from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Thursday.
8280	The strife-torn Free Party is having its board meeting on Sunday in Rapla, and will include a decision on leadership; current chief Andres Herkel has been facing a rebellion from the party rank and file.
8281	The study objectives are to present the Directional Drilling Service development in United States, Europe and China.
8282	The subject of one of the more famous “Florida Woman” stories of late is reported to have resigned her position as Broward County Election Supervisor, taking effect in January.
8283	The SU defensive line battles with the Kean offensive line.
8284	The suit charges that executives with Match and IAC deliberately manipulated the data given to the banks, overestimating expenses and underestimating potential revenue growth, in order to keep the 2017 valuation artificially low.
8285	The Sun accused pro-EU lawmakers of a "great betrayal," and the Daily Mail branded judges who ruled against the government "enemies of the people."
8286	The sun will be out at times.
8287	The supervisor of assessments requested an increase in staff pay, but it was based on performance and a percentage increase of current pay.
8288	The supreme head of the Methodist Church in the country, while delivering a sermon at the thanksgiving service…
8289	The surprise guest came to attend the training session, on the same day when De Gea, who was a part of Spain’s squad at the World Cup, returned from his break to join the teammates.
8290	The survey said 88% think Trump is concerned about the interests of big business and the wealthy, compared to 49% who think he's looking out for the middle and working class, and 43% who think Trump cares about "people like you."
8291	The suspect’s electronic devices were seized, and more charges are pending a forensic analysis of the devices.
8292	The Switch console itself lacks system-wide functionality for online interaction — stuff that's standard on other consoles, like joining an online party, and voice chat, barely exist on the Switch.
8293	The symptoms manifest in myriad ways.
8294	The system was installed around 15 days ago at Vashi, Nerul, Panvel taluka and Nhava Sheva police station.
8295	The Taber farm belt in southern Alberta is a favourite destination for visitors, come harvest.
8296	The talks at the border village of Panmunjom were the latest to discuss ways to carry out peace commitments made by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in.
8297	“The tank temperature went from 40-50 to 90 degrees, which in a relatively short period of time can destroy all of your wine,” said Ron Stowell, owner of Cannon River Winery.
8298	The team has suffered many unfortunate setbacks, including the tragic Gabon air disaster, where the plane carrying the Zambian team to the World Cup in 1994 crashed, killing all of the 30 passengers on the plane.
8299	The team performs far better (albeit in a smaller sample size) with Ntilikina and Porzingis on the court at the same time (6.6 net rating) than with Jack and Porzingis sharing the floor (0.0 net rating).
8300	The team will leave on Monday.
8301	The Technical Narrative should be responsive to each element of the evaluation criteria.
8302	The teen added he has felt “unconditional love” since the donations came flooding in.
8303	The teen was not the intended target and is not believed to be affiliated with any gangs, police said.
8304	The Temi Tea Garden lies between Damthang and Temi Bazaar towards Singtam, it spreads over an area of 376 hectares.
8305	The Terrapins are 1-4 there, including a 59-3 bashing in 2016.
8306	The test results confirmed the hypothesis.
8307	The Texas ruling against Obamacare is a boon to Medicare-for-allThe Republican strategy to pass Medicare-for-all continues.
8308	The Thames, the Loire, La Plata, Saint-Lawrence, Ob-Irtysh, the Tagus rivers, are some of the rivers that form estuaries.
8309	The theater world quickly mourned his death, including actor Josh Gad, who called Simon "one of the primary influences on my life and career."
8310	The thematic thread of capitalist collusion and corruption running through such interviewees – to say nothing of the Trumps and Kardashians drawn implicitly into its thesis – is slender enough before Greenfield turns the lens increasingly on herself.
8311	The theme of this yearʻs event, “Ua Mau Ke Ea O Ka ʻĀina I Ka Pono,” brings to light different perspectives of the meaning of this phrase.
8312	The Thorndike Mill and Meeting Place announces the Santa's Snowbird Express Train Rides, Unity to Thorndike.
8313	“The threat is to BHS.
8314	The three Boutiques will also be open.
8315	The three continued to serve as Undersecretaries under two OIC Secretaries and on the first three weeks of Bautista as Secretary.
8316	The thugs of the secessionist south must be crushed.
8317	The Thursday night game is heavily impacted with Melvin Gordon, Tyreek Hill and Sammy Watkins all dealing with injury concerns.
8318	The ticket was purchased from Marsascala.
8319	The Tigers’ Daisy Lentz, who’ll be playing at Columbia University next year, faced Lawrenceville senior number one Brittany Sun, who is headed to Harvard.
8320	The Tigers have played seven T20Is against India, but could not win a single one of those games.
8321	The Tigers traveled to Marianna Tuesday to play their final regular season matchup before heading to Cottondale next week for the district tournament.
8322	The time between infection and becoming sick is usually one week.
8323	The Times said that before Fred Trump died in the late 1990s, he transferred ownership of most of his real estate empire to his four living children.
8324	The title companies other locations are at 2011 Young St. in Bellingham and 507 Front St., in Lynden.
8325	The title is an alter-ego of sorts, named after Hammond Jr.’s late twin, who was stillborn months before Albert was born in 1979.
8326	“The TMC goons pelted stones at our party office and seven BJP workers got injured in the attack,” said Mr. Ghosh.
8327	The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that Corbin Crable sent a statement Monday to members of Kansas Collegiate Media acknowledging falsifying reports to cover up his misuse of funds.
8328	The topic of colonialism is equally hard to maintain.
8329	The top two purchases on the list are Bud Light 30 pack cans and, of course, 30-can packs of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
8330	The total amount of educational debt varied from $2,000 to $75,000.
8331	The total amount of Rutherford County voters in the November 2016 election was 102,548, meaning that the 18 to 30 age group made up around 13 percent of total 2016 voters.
8332	The total number of Iranian-backed forces is difficult to estimate, and information on them is released only intermittently.
8333	The town applied for state funding to help with the upgrades last year, but weren’t chosen from the pool of applicants.
8334	The town hall was organized by Marble's legislative aide, and the invitation never disclosed Extraction's financial involvement.
8335	The town has a tax assessment that they’re going to have on the tax rolls for next year, and also pass an increased millage rate.
8336	“The town has limited input on a 40B project, because it’s a way for the state to try to get towns to provide more affordable housing.”
8337	The tragedy highlights how devastating Yemen's conflict still is for civilians.
8338	The train hit a crowd standing on the railway line to watch a fireworks show during Dussehra celebrations, police and eyewitnesses said.
8339	The transformation might not be immediate, but Chan is confident that is a (big) step in the right direction.
8340	The transit agency has recently begun discussing accelerating the projects, said Richard Barone, the association’s vice president for transportation, an ambitious goal with a hefty cost.
8341	The Tribe has plans of putting in a future RV park that will be located near the Silver Sage Travel Stop.
8342	The troupe’s tight-knit camaraderie has remained undiminished, however, and it enhances the onstage performances, Mr. Ridgley said.
8343	The Trump administration, by contrast, has identified China as the biggest long-term threat to geopolitical and geoeconomic interests of the United States.
8344	The Trump administration has said it is preparing a new peace plan even though no details about it have emerged thus far.
8345	The Trump Administration intends to fully enforce all United States sanctions on Iran, and will target those who attempt to violate or circumvent them.
8346	The Trump administration wants wages above the North American industry average to count toward meeting the content requirement.
8347	The Trump administration was working on final background checks for another five children ahead of Tuesday's deadline.
8348	The TSA is a cash and treasury management tool while the T-Main pools and often “sweeps” multiple accounts, including some Public Funds, to legally allocate resources and prevent their misuse by banks and other agencies.
8349	The TSX has rebounded today up 24 points to 16,414 after a sluggish start this morning.
8350	The tunnel is an important corridor between the boroughs of the Sud-Ouest and Verdun.
8351	The tunnel runs about 2 miles (3.2 kilometers) under the streets of Hawthorne, where Musk’s SpaceX headquarters is located.
8352	The turnaround can be attributed in part to state and federal funding Indy Reads became eligible for when it was certified in spring 2017 as an Indiana adult education provider.
8353	The turnover volume index of retail trade enterprises and its trend, January-August 2018.
8354	The Tuskys in The Community initiative, Githua added is geared at providing a platform to meaningfully connect further with our customers beyond business by touching their lives and alleviating social and economic challenges.
8355	The TV licence fee will increase to £150.50 from £147 from 1 April, the government has announced.
8356	“The two bookend tackles are young, and the young, wild and sometimes out of control guard.
8357	The two countries have the.
8358	The two never had any contact with him or his family before he reached the U.S., Jonathan said, but Hines was the one that had Eastern Alamance send the I-20.
8359	The two or three hours spent at the theatre either throw us into fits of laughter, push us to the edge of our seats, or put us right to sleep if the movie is a snoozefest.
8360	The two will chat and get caught up.
8361	The two-year phase-in period would be for transition and educating the public, said Steve Wolk, the SAB chairman.
8362	The UFC will be setting up shows in Denmark and Chile, with another trip to Rio de Janeiro later this year.
8363	The UK government has floated the idea of fining organisations which fail to implement effective cyber security measures as part of plans to make Britain’s essential infrastructure resilient against future cyber-attacks.
8364	The unannounced briefing came the same week that Facebook it had removed some two dozen pages and accounts for what it called “inauthentic behavior.”
8365	The undercover investigator posing as a gambler tried to use his phone to snap photographs, and the men running the game took him aside and told him he was making other players nervous by taking photos, according to the FBI affidavit.
8366	The UNFPA and Unicef are jointly supporting grassroots efforts that unite community leaders, schools, parents and local non-governmental organisations to protect girls from harm.
8367	The union’s National President, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, said this on the sideline of a news conference on the update of the union’s struggle to salvage the country’s public universities from deterioration on Sunday in Lagos.
8368	The United Bid of Canada, Mexico and the United States is uniquely suited to accommodate FIFA’s high-level standards for hosting a FIFA World Cup™.
8369	The United Nations' high commissioner for human rights meanwhile called on Iran to investigate all deaths in the protests and act "with great care so as not to further inflame violence and unrest."
8370	The United States could be paying for 91 percent, OK?
8371	The United States, the European Union, South Korea and the United Nations regularly ask China to stop such repatriations of defectors, whom they consider political refugees.
8372	The University could make an immediate impact by lowering freshman admissions by say, 3000 students this fall.
8373	The university’s chancellor, Lord Patten of Barnes, called Bannister a superb doctor and servant of the college.
8374	The university will spend the next year recruiting 10 academic staff to a new School of Liberal Arts.
8375	The UN saw what was happening to our country, the lack of resources that we had, and how geographically limited we were in protecting ourselves.
8376	The unstoppable Juggernaut typically lives up to his name.
8377	“The untold hardships we face on the road daily are becoming unbearable.”
8378	The uptick in global commodity prices will to an extent underpin Zimbabwe's GDP growth prospects going forward.
8379	The U.S. Capitol building shown on Feb. 9, 2018.
8380	The US Deputy Assistant Secretary congratulated President Sarkissian on taking office and on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the First Republic of Armenia.
8381	The US Fish and Wildlife Service, stung by a lawsuit, listed the rusty patched bumblebee as endangered in March after initially delaying the decision.
8382	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued a warning about teething jewelry following the death of an 18-month-old child.
8383	“The U.S. government never had any plan to reunite these families that were separated,” Sandoval-Moshenberg said, and now it is “scrambling to undo this terrible thing that they have done.”
8384	The U.S. has utterly failed to bring any of its neo-imperial wars to a stable or peaceful end.
8385	The US-Russian scenarios lead to enormous levels of casualties and destruction whilst even a ‘regional’ conflict between India and Pakistan with as few as one hundred Hiroshima-sized weapons would cause a long-lasting global disaster.
8386	The U.S’s $10.6B aid to Central America and Mexico aims to promote better security conditions and job opportunities as part of a regional plan to allow Central Americans and Mexicans to remain in their countries and not have to emigrate.
8387	The US Senate adjourned on Saturday with no deal to end a partial government shutdown, which is now expected to last until at least Thursday.
8388	The valet gave him the keys but stopped paying attention when Miles didn’t return with the ticket and a tip, reported the Tampa Bay Times.
8389	The value soared by 78 percent y/y while the number increased by 126.5 percent.
8390	“The variety of food is very good.”
8391	The vehicle overturned when it was hit by another car in the vicinity of the Waterford and Independence City intersection in Portmore, St. Catherine.
8392	The Venezuelan Prisons Observatory said it had been warning for some time about situation at police station jails, where detainees are often kept far longer than the customary two-or-three day holding periods.
8393	The Venta Maersk will be the first container ship to sail the route, but other types of vessels have already used it, including Maersk’s Chinese rival COSCO, according to the Arctic Institute.
8394	The venue will be transformed into the dining hall of Belle’s palace.
8395	The verdict suggested that officials could be open to demands from rights groups for stricter punishments for false accusations.
8396	The versatile 208-cm big man scored 43 points to help the Pelicans beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 114-100 on Friday night.
8397	The veteran actress' sudden demise left the Bollywood industry shocked and saddened.
8398	The veteran Strycova, playing in her final tie for the Czechs after a 16-year Fed Cup career, gave up the first set to the 19-year-old Kenin, who fought through early nerves in her first taste of Fed Cup action.
8399	The victim was hit twice by bullets: once in the shoulder and once in the lower arm.
8400	The victim was transported by rescue to hospital where she was treated and released.
8401	The video, however, has elicited mixed response on social media, wherein a lot of people have called the act in the video nothing less than animal abuse.
8402	The video, recently uploaded to YouTube (watch it above), stars Emmet and Wyldstyle who claim to be "between movies" right now.
8403	The video was shot in one take and also revolves around a couple.
8404	The view and sounds from atop the building are nightmarish, but we’re hoping that anyone on the ground supporting this effort managed to get out of the way before (at ) a downpour of shards rained down on them.
8405	The Vikings didn’t blink, though, particularly with the experience of 2016 so fresh.
8406	The Vikings had one of the top offenses in NFL history.
8407	The Vikings reportedly will interview Philadelphia quarterbacks coach John DeFilippo on Thursday for their offensive coordinator opening.
8408	The Virat Kohli-led India will be in South Africa for nearly two months.
8409	The vitamin C dermal absorption will keep you scurvy free until Labor Day along with enjoying pie.
8410	The volatile comments came after a heated argument with ex Olivia Attwood, 26, aired on Wednesday's episode of his new reality show.
8411	The Volcker bill also appears to fit that requirement.
8412	The Volunteers face seventeenth-ranked West Virginia Saturday afternoon.
8413	“The voters were not permitted to take mobile phones, but the journalists were exempted,” Hossain told BenarNews.
8414	The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday prosecutors are also examining whether he broke the law by working as a secret lobbyist.
8415	The warm temperatures bring a higher chance for grapes to catch and spread disease.
8416	The WARRANTY of PV panels is 30 years.
8417	The Washington Capitals defeated the Pittsburgh Penguins, 4-1.
8418	The Washington State Cougars are 10.5-point favorites against the Arizona Wildcats with a 62.5-point total.
8419	The way a PET scan works, he said, is the patient is placed on a low carbohydrate and high protein diet prior to the scan and once there, they are given a special radioactive sugar.
8420	“The way it works is that the fraudsters have their own forums on the darknet.
8421	The way that Facebook and Twitter, but especially Facebook, have become the archives of our imperfect selves and baser impulses isn’t the worst thing about them.
8422	The way the colors shift you through the scene…it’s honestly one of my favorite visual scenes I’ve ever gotten to do in comics…and I feel so lucky to have had a team that could pull it off so perfectly.
8423	The way they're constantly working their minds, even when they're not working.
8424	The weapons my family owned were NEVER thought to be something to be used against the duly elected government of our country.
8425	The weather is looking dry Thursday through Saturday.
8426	The Welshman Ncube-led MDC welcomed Justice Chigumba's appointment.
8427	The whale, dubbed “Kleenex,” is a great-grandmother to six calves…
8428	The Whitehorse Correctional Centre.
8429	The White House also managed to contain the fall-out from this month’s one high-level departure, that of the UN ambassador Nikki Haley.
8430	The White House has taken steps to limit the for visas granted to Chinese nationals studying in specific fields that the Chinese regime has targeted for development, such as robotics, aviation, and high-tech manufacturing.
8431	The whole bunch of them at this so-called ceremony had no shame in standing in front of such a monstrosity and flaunting decadent wealth shared by a few.
8432	“The whole funding model does not make sense,” she says.
8433	The whole idea behind (telehealth) is that it assists you.”
8434	''The whole picture is always under consideration when it comes to state budget strategy, where there are a variety of different areas and needs on the table and from which a viable solution derives.
8435	The whole show is an interweaving of bits and pieces.
8436	The widespread global Military Smart Weapons Sales trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Military Smart Weapons Sales industry study.
8437	The Wildcats added two more in the second on a two-run single by Jarrett Wallace that plated Ryan Crocker and Joey Salvaggio.
8438	The Wilderness Society’s Queensland campaign manager Gemma Plesman said the proposed clearing was “incredibly risky”.
8439	"The Wild West was actually full of ghost stories and superstition," said Amber Skjelset, Manager of the Information Center and event organizer.
8440	The winner of the Atlantic Coast Conference’s Atlantic Division has won the conference title every year since 2011.
8441	The wisdom of the old guard is forever essential.
8442	The Wolverines proved tough early and held an 18-10 lead after one period.
8443	The woman told police that around 7:30 p.m. on Dec. 19, she was in the Keele St. and Four Winds Dr. area, close to Finch West subway station, when a man approached her from behind and sexually assaulted her, according to a press release sent Friday.
8444	The woman, who is in her mid-70s, told that she was “extremely upset” when she found out, because it never crossed her mind he could become a jihadist.
8445	The word for the week is collaboration, which has come up in multiple (otherwise unrelated) conversations and meetings.
8446	The words Squid Row are painted on a piece of driftwood, hung just below an American flag.
8447	The worker, a woman in her 60s, scoffed, gave me an eye roll and a disapproving look before sarcastically answering my question.
8448	The work is contemporary, only by way of the costume they use, the medley of music and an amalgam of movements, with a few adavus and sollukattus thrown in. The attention to stagecraft and presentation skills are either overlooked or overworked.
8449	“The world is coming to an end, and it is coming to an end because of man-made gases,” is what he was hearing.
8450	The world's banks, investment firms and insurance companies are loosening their grips on their mainframes and private centers, entrusting cloud providers with more of their IT requirements and application workloads, indicates a recent IDC forecast.
8451	The world’s largest food manufacturers have spent the last several years trying to regain footing with consumers in America and Europe, who lost faith in many packaged goods products because of its artificial flavors and coloring, sugar, and salt content.
8452	The worldwide Construction Tower Cranes market research report performs SWOT analysis and PESTEL Construction Tower Cranes analysis to reveal the stability, flaws, opportunities, and risks in Construction Tower Cranes industry.
8453	The wreckage of the crash was seen spread all over the field and a few cows grazing in the area were also killed.
8454	The Wrobel family is planning a vacation trip to Poland and they said their Yorkie Gustav will be flying inside the cabin.
8455	They all agree that it is time for Gage County to accept accountability.
8456	They allege that a so-called ‘Twitter mole’ handed over information on Al-Jasser, leading to his arrest earlier this year.
8457	“They all grew up eating or learning how to cook these dishes and wanted to share their culture,” she said.
8458	They all had their chicks with them.
8459	They also accused the government and the main opposition nationalist party, VMRO-DPMNE, of betraying the national interest.
8460	They also awarded funding to the Living Coast Discovery Center and about $12,000 to the ARC of San Diego’s parent and infant program.
8461	They also hold North Carolina's governorship.
8462	They also internalize that if people mistreat you, then it’s your own fault, that you deserve it for being “bad” or “inherently defective.
8463	They also need a flexible policy engine that allows continuous updating and refinement of policies, and dynamic labeling as workloads scale up and down automatically.
8464	They are also a team that has been vulnerable as of late, losing four of their final five games as star guard has struggled with his own toe injury.
8465	They are appointed by your fund houses as experienced and reliable people to make investment decisions for you.
8466	They are available at the door, or online at brownpapertickets.
8467	They are expansive, deep-rooted and expensive to service.
8468	"They are fostering hatred with this arrest," said Elena Quintella, a school teacher who cried as she held vigil at the union.
8469	They are herded and not allowed to cause damage.
8470	They are rare when broader selloffs occur as they did last week.
8471	They are realising the dent that an unengaged workforce can put in their bottom line.
8472	They are too comfortable in that space to an extent that even their policies dwell on Matabeleland-specific issues and have nothing to offer the whole of Zimbabwe," said Gwinji.
8473	They asked a mix of cod and haddock, and then they increased the order to seven portions."
8474	They began to live in a room in Hosur rented out to them by a relative of Nandesh’s employer, Patel.
8475	They blasted the university's administration for dragging its feet after the lacrosse team enthusiastically sang the n-word.
8476	They came from the North and the South, the East and the West to help the Berserkers raid the shores of Europe.
8477	“They can always extend broader protections at the state than what the law requires,” said Kim Jones, an employment lawyer at Seyferth Blumenthal & Harris in Kansas City.
8478	They charted the course of free institutions under a government deriving its powers from the consent of the people.
8479	“They could not find out what was wrong,” Bickers added.
8480	They create a monster that was born from the horrors of the past that won’t allow itself to vanish no matter what the tourism board puts on the brochures.
8481	They did not need it.
8482	They do not understand the truth shall make them free and all Ethiopian free.
8483	They don’t have preconceived notions about their work.
8484	They don’t understand mutual respect and likely never will.
8485	“The year before, 2016, I struggled a little bit.
8486	They ended up trading the No. 12 pick to the BIlls for Cordy Glenn to move down to 21, then took Ohio State center Billy Price there.
8487	They even had a wedding reception fitting of who they were, with the residents of Stars Hollow.
8488	They feel hopeless without any real solutions to feel secure about their future.
8489	They felt safe and loved at all times.
8490	They flush embryos from their best registered cows and also typically buy one package (four embryos) each year to try other genetics.
8491	They found an empty water jug, black.
8492	They found Renewlogy, which uses a sustainable process to break down plastics to a molecular level and convert them into fuel, used primarily for agricultural purposes.
8493	They gave me an opportunity to come up and play in the big leagues — that’s everyone’s dream.
8494	They got a call over the weekend from a woman who said her sister and her sister’s estranged husband were arguing, and he had a gun.
8495	They had a long discussion of star ratings at the top of the main event, which was super unnecessary.
8496	They had joined their male counterparts in society and the workforce and rose through the ranks to be successful attorneys, physicians, diplomats, scientists, journalists and businesswomen.
8497	They hates it, they does!
8498	They have a good chemistry, and she’d never actually have to tag into the matches.
8499	They have already testified for the state but, according to Ngqeza, because Sinyanya was acquitted on the drunk-driving charge, he needed to consult with them on other matters.
8500	They have also have raised the question of social costs of a casino, such as an increase in problem gambling.
8501	They have another child who has special needs.
8502	They have done comedy shows, I haven't.
8503	They have extensive medical, dental and mental health opportunities.
8504	They have matched the Pittsburgh Steelers in the win column with seven, but trail them in the standings due to the Steelers’ Week 1 tie.
8505	They have now lost their past three league matches and have not won in the competition in their past eight.
8506	They haven’t been elected to anything.”
8507	“They have really learned to appreciate each other’s strengths, to trust each other, and that’s really a huge reason why they have done so well,” Jones said.
8508	“They have shocked me to my core as I have never been abusive or violent in any way in my relations with women,” the statement said.
8509	They ignored other options that would have taken away three times the amount of traffic, but they didn't take away any Green Belt."
8510	They incentivise brokers to send their customer orders to exchanges that pay the biggest ones, even if their clients might be better served elsewhere.
8511	They include bleeding, pain or tenderness around the surgical site, and infection.
8512	They Jets will add an empty-netter at the end to ice this one.
8513	“They just hurt all the time, and I couldn’t bend them.
8514	They'll need that big a national swing, because Republican-controlled redistricting in several states has solidified the GOP majority since 2010.
8515	They’ll sit and watch the show and be respectful.
8516	They made us walk for a kilometre, abusing us on the street, before handing us to the police.
8517	They misread our Constitution as requiring a division between personal belief and public action, or between moral principles and political choices.
8518	They never came close to the vehicle or the EMS crew,” Kupelo said.
8519	They often arrive in remote and dangerous parts of the desert.
8520	They often do not even want to leave their partners; but the desire to feel alive again makes them step in a direction that they themselves thought they would never do.
8521	“The young adults that I take care of are a fantastic group of people,” she said.
8522	The young Don produced a man of the match performance.
8523	The young innovators were a step ahead of Sweet: students enrolled in the Reaction Alert service would, as a requirement, provide email addresses that could identify them in cases of false emergency activation, the group said.
8524	They overshadowed the fight with a bogus, completely illogical draw when it was clearly won by GGG.
8525	They painstakingly went through a process to involve property owners to make sure a balance was developed.
8526	They performed transects, scanning the water column in rows.
8527	“They play with passion, they play with heart, they play together,” coach Ryan Odom said.
8528	They presented their concepts to a jury of local designers, architects and other stakeholders Dec. 7 at the Canadian Museum for Human Rights.
8529	“They probably wished they didn’t send us those letters of congratulations, but it was good.
8530	They provide the many sites where study abroad programs are conducted, such as Italy, Poland, Russia, United Kingdom, Greece, Australia, Africa, Paris and Ireland.
8531	They put up a windmill there and it ran for almost 2 years.
8532	They put you out,” she said.
8533	They’re a little frustrated because they don’t know what you’re talking about and then suddenly you’re acting like you found this new discovery.
8534	“They’re all pretty cool achievements in their own right.”
8535	They’re both heroes to me.
8536	They’re everywhere around here — you can run into Newbery Award winners while walking your dog… When you’re a writer it’s fun to have people to commiserate with (not that there’s much to complain about).
8537	They reference stories that show the potential of immigrants when given the opportunity to succeed.
8538	They're giving up their leverage.
8539	“They’re going to be driving around the city and mapping temperatures throughout all of Baltimore,” said NOAA researcher David Herring.
8540	“They’re good offensively and extremely good defensively.
8541	They rejected the assignment indicating the assignment was supposed to originate from the NEC and not the President.
8542	“They’re jumping into you,” Chukwu said.
8543	They're making their way.'
8544	They’re not going anyplace.”
8545	They're not really haboobs because they're caused by monsoon activity, and we're not in Sudan.
8546	"They're so deep when they get the ball back!" but what do you expect?
8547	They said 2,156 cases were discovered in schools while 506 were detected in homes.
8548	They said God had already forbidden that such a thing should happen.
8549	They said that should mean we eventually see a 30 cent per gallon reduction at the pump.
8550	They said their investigation led them to believe the child had been repeatedly injured.
8551	They said they looked forward to bargaining with the government committee “to ensure that our holy city, where our Christian presence continues to face challenges, remains a place where the three monotheistic faiths may live and thrive together.”
8552	They said they only stayed an hour in Salisbury on Saturday 3 March because of the snowy weather conditions, but returned on Sunday 4 March to visit the sights.
8553	They say that the aid package is used to tighten the grip of the security apparatus on the population.
8554	They scored the goal, in that the puck did indeed cross the goal line, but it ended up being called back because James van Reimsdyk made contact with while trying to set the fly by screen.
8555	They serve an average of 900 unduplicated families per month.
8556	They should watch out.
8557	They slowly allow themselves luxuries the other animals don't get, like extra food and beds, using the importance of their health to justify it.
8558	They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light within.”
8559	They started on the initiative of the people at the top of the organizations, they noted.
8560	They talked crap all week before the game.
8561	They tend to follow something of a formula: the beans, the rhetoric, the baked goods, the lattes.
8562	They then discuss these Chicago pets with huge Instagram followings and take calls on what type of dog Dane and his family should get.
8563	“They then need to have a plan for replacing part of the lost revenue during all of the 2021 season.”
8564	They then proceeded to KFC food outlet at corner Inez Terez Street and Speke Avenue, Harare, where they stoned and damaged four large screen windows valued at $700, the court was told.
8565	They then went to Chimona Milling Centre where the suspect had gone after his threats at the police station,” said the source.
8566	"They thought it was a good idea for my brother and I to stay here," Sheets said.
8567	They threw it, caught it.
8568	They tied the security officer up and then gained access to the liquor store through its roof.
8569	They traveled from Argentina to Spain so that they could watch the game on Saturday afternoon in Argentina from Spain, where Shabbat ends four hours before it does Buenos Aires.
8570	They tried some never-before-used techniques on the species in the wild: taking blood samples and doing ultrasound exams, all while swimming furiously beside them underwater.
8571	They tried to work things out for three months before Williams broke it off again, just hours before she drove herself to a Los Angeles hospital for treatment.
8572	They understand each other.
8573	"They understand they cannot raise prices without introducing something radically new," Greengart said.
8574	“They’ve announced the big agriculture package, but pork production has never had any government subsidies or government floor,” he said.
8575	“They’ve clearly been very aggressive now, and have been emboldened.”
8576	They've done a 180-degree turn on this.
8577	They’ve had to rely more on rookie player to come in and take the spot of veteran players who have been injured.
8578	They want an arm or a leg.
8579	“They want you to wear these out on duty, when it’s cold, and they’re yellow.
8580	“They were a little bit nervous, the passes weren’t hitting target, so things like that.”
8581	They were bohemians in a way, but they were also very straight people.
8582	They were done by customers, Sanders said.
8583	They were found during a planned archaeological survey.
8584	They were hard-up, distractible and frequently on the outs with each other.
8585	They were intimate with each other almost every time Lip went into the bike garage for work, and when they finished, he went right back to pining for Sierra.
8586	They were men themselves.
8587	They were note sure how much had fallen out of the truck in total.
8588	They were reading the sentences aloud.”
8589	They were rewarded when hardened children mellowed down and developed a trust and affection for them that wasn’t there before.
8590	They were taking their time, being very safe about it.
8591	They were the best for a reason, now they are playing mad.
8592	They will also be visited in their homes by volunteers delivering apples and honey.
8593	They will be representing their home, making people feel safe and welcome and giving them advice.
8594	They will deliver you the ranges you will want.
8595	They will play an additional two dates at Wembley Stadium in London on June 13, and 14 before bringing the tour to a close at the same venue the following night.
8596	They write that Stein “justified Russian aggression” by declaring that “NATO has been surrounding Russia with missiles, nuclear weapons, and troops.”
8597	They wrote that they were “extremely disappointed” that he would “not just disrespect our nation’s veterans, but crudely do so as a means to advance his own political career.”
8598	The Zimbabwe Power Company (ZPC) says it was guilty of mismanagement after paying $7 million in unsecured advances to controversial firm, Intratek, for the Gwanda solar project.
8599	Thich Nhat Hanh probably makes for a very good houseguest.
8600	Thiel wasn't a fan of the movie, prompting his quote about "the dysfunctional relationships that dominate Hollywood."
8601	Things went from bad to worse on Saturday, and there’s no end in sight for the struggles that continue to plague the Huskies.
8602	Thinking of Peter and Kirsty and the family at this awful time."
8603	Think some of that campaign money might help them?
8604	Third Liberation Movement has announced its intention to start distributing pens, pencils and rulers engraved with the portrait of its president, Enock Tonga, in schools across the country.
8605	Thirdly, it assumes that there is suitable alternative housing that older people want to move into in the area they already live, which is often just not the case.
8606	Third, when we hit our fifth overtime (RIP), there was a pretty palpable feeling that whoever scored the game winner, that it would be some kind of ugly, garbage time goal because everyone was just so dead tired.
8607	Thirty-eight-year-old Heather Holland fell about two weeks ago and was prescribed antiviral medication to treat her symptoms.
8608	Thirty-seven horsepower in the 1,400-pound Tata Nano is fine.
8609	‘’This 2017/2018 campaign has been tagged : ‘’Catch-up’’ campaign ; it is to mopup or reach children that have been missed over the years so as to meet the 95 per cent target coverage, ‘’ he said.
8610	This 2-course, 43-hour bundle gives you the tools you need to become a valued member and contributor to any company.
8611	This access has to be granted on a case-by-case — a resource-by-resource — basis after explicit permission is granted by the user.
8612	This allows it another front through which it seeks to re-engage with the US.
8613	This alone would realise over R100 billion.
8614	This analysis deducts any refugees admitted above this limit in any year since 1965.
8615	This article, like so many others that insist on protecting the guilty, by omitting important information…a description, if there is one, if not, then the article should state so….
8616	This can include minor projects, such as a facade remodel, as well as much larger development projects or building permits for new commercial or residential construction.
8617	This celebration is not peculiar to Nigeria alone, countries like the United States of America, Canada, Cape Verde and United Kingdom also observe democracy day.
8618	This challenge was coming just when I went on travel to Niigata, so I gladly accept the game.
8619	This coalition could be powerful.
8620	This combination of skilled investigation by CBI officers and the thorough knowledge of its law officers has earned the agency a higher conviction rate than any other police organisation in the country.
8621	This committee being one of the many that the Hanlon administration regularly uses as bureaucratic cover for its more unpopular decisions.
8622	This could all lead to some big mission to retrieve those memories.
8623	This could be achieved by going through a good number of MCQs.
8624	“This could be a great edge-of-field solution.”
8625	This could have expanded and further developed the themes in the first module, it could have been a true sequel.
8626	“This decision also significantly increases the security risks to our key regional partners in Israel, Iraq and Jordan.”
8627	This definitely translates to a robust income as he earns a handsome annual salary of about $5 million.
8628	“This device can take the pick rate up to 1,700 picks per hour.
8629	This didn’t help Steg himself, whom Volkswagen promptly suspended.
8630	This draws us to the question, is it healthy the amount of stress and pressure we put on the entertainment business?
8631	"This drove him to stab a person to death so that he would be shot dead," the lawyer said.
8632	This eliminates all vampire weaknesses while worn or swallowed.
8633	This endless violence in the UK has to stop.”
8634	This ends SpaceX’s role in today’s mission, which is now in the hands of Spaceflight's free-flyers to release 60 more satellites in the coming hours.
8635	This entry was posted on January 9, 2018 at 3:03 pm and is filed under Prince George's Newsz 600X120 Top Ad Bottom.
8636	This evening, however, a few severe storms may develop.
8637	This exclusive special reveals never-before-seen footage from Zak Bagans’ film, “,” a documentary that follows Bagans’ investigation of a haunted Gary, Indiana, home he purchased, sight unseen, and is believed to be possessed by demons.
8638	This fad will end well.
8639	This family establishment is owned by Karla Ramirez, and is truly one of our amazing success stories.
8640	“This felt like a second half to start the game.
8641	This focus on moral principles and schools of thought ushers in theories people usually avoid and portrays them in engaging ways that relate to real life.
8642	This “fully smart” automation can also be applied to multiple B-hyve timers that can then be daisy-chained together for maximum efficiency.
8643	This gift allowed President Barack Obama the expanse as Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument, to be overseen by the National Park Service.
8644	This goes for the rest of his criminal family, as well.
8645	This got the attention of the most reputable publication in the world.
8646	This group of people met earlier this year while working the campaign trail for a candidate during the primary elections.
8647	This guidance follows the execution of an organic growth plan in 2017 that generated exit production growth of 10 percent per share.
8648	"This happened at about 5.35 pm and it seems they may have been monitoring the movement of the family to determine when the property is vacant.
8649	This has been at the cost of significant devastation not only of Syria, but also of the neighboring countries that have been inundated with hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of refugees.
8650	This has forced farmers to rely heavily on groundwater.
8651	This has led to criticism from the opposition and civil society, which have demanded that he should resign to make way for a “fully fit” Chief Minister who can efficiently discharge official duties.
8652	This has resulted in environmental damage which will be difficult to recover from.”
8653	This idea had been talked about in previous years as a possible solution to messy downtown streets in the winter time.
8654	“This idea that not only does the department have to review but the board of commissioners has to review, that really is the cart before the horse,” he said.
8655	This image released by NBC shows Alexandre Desplat accepting the award for best original score for "The Shape of Water," at the 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif., on Sunday, Jan.
8656	This included (from left to right) Addison Colen, Rebecca Ball, Madison Schafer, Abby Ferguson and Aubre Carter.
8657	This included relief in payment of stamp duty, exemption of agricultural income tax and exemption from education and rural employment cess on green tea leaves.
8658	This includes a comprehensive eye exam including a slit lamp examination, a dilated retinal check, and the measure of intraocular pressure.
8659	This includes the which added more than 30 hours of story content, as well as light multiplayer features that allow up to 16 players to have small interactions within the game world.
8660	This indicates the success of the updates.
8661	This influences their worldview in profound ways.
8662	“This is a big experience.
8663	This is a bipartisan, common-sense issue to support local bakers and confectioners who are iconic to our region, so we can all continue to invest in our operations, employees, and the community-at-large.
8664	This is according to Allard Castelein, President of the Port of Rotterdam.
8665	This is according to a survey by Virgin Holidays, so I think we can refine it down to “stop having fun on holiday” – otherwise, how to explain the buzz I just got from finding a pencil sharpener in an unexpected place?
8666	This is according to President of the Bethesda Sports Club (BSC), Kenny Lewis, who reminded that the lucrative title had eluded them for some time but that his players were determined to go all the way this year.
8667	“This is a clear example of how the GSD is bereft of vision or of any sense of duty to the greater good of this community.”
8668	This is actually how the day went in general, navigating through the seething epicenter of a subculture that exists entirely in its own realm, like Reddit, or country music.
8669	“This is a democracy, and this matter should be decided in an open court of law owned by the people,” Mr. Avenatti said.
8670	This is a fantastic group of girls that enjoy time on and off the court with each other.
8671	This is a flimsy euphemism - EU leaders are moving towards a policy of detaining people who come to Europe seeking safety.
8672	This is a good bill because it would expand Medicare and make it easier for people to have coverage.”
8673	This is a joint venture between Boxpark and Quintain, the developers of Wembley Park.
8674	"This is a key thing that changes one's psychology."
8675	This is also untrue as bats are terrified of humans and will avoid us at all cost.
8676	This is also while hoping to top off 4.24 rating which the PRISAA Committee gave for 2017 hosts Zambales.
8677	This is a mineral element commonly used in sunscreens to reflect UV rays.
8678	This is another pathetic attempt to smear people close to President Trump and distract from the administrations many successes.”
8679	This is a performance where the audience becomes the show.
8680	This is as close to a homerun hire as the Bengals could have made for this vacancy given who was available.
8681	This is a unique opportunity to show that you are Below-Zero Hero!
8682	This is exactly how a nuclear war would kill youThis is how the world ends — not with a bang, but with a lot of really big bombs.
8683	This is going to be a ton of jerseys, though.
8684	This is great, because he in his performance.
8685	This is in addition to various citations she has already received in the past but hesitates to enumerate.
8686	This is just another sign that people are not relying on their own vehicle.”
8687	This is my first month with Anaprop.
8688	This is not a KCBS event.
8689	"This is not a major impact, but it isn’t trivial either," they said.
8690	This is not to impugn all people who work for nonprofits and governments.
8691	“This isn’t just a single day in the span of history.
8692	This isn’t swimming in suspense, and the holes in the plot, and in Deb’s plan, tear here and there at the fabric of an otherwise satisfying caper.
8693	This isn’t the first time Ogier has had to dodge a dog on the stage roads this season.
8694	This isn’t the first time that Ellison’s name has been brought up in connection to accusations of foul language towards a player.
8695	This is one of the lowest qualifiers in the industry and a great value."
8696	This is perhaps the most honest and breathtaking play I’ve ever read.
8697	“This is personal work and our staff and elders become like family,” Laura Voth, MHCO chief executive officer, said in a prepared statement just days after the death.
8698	"This is something that we want to turn into an annual event," said Taunton Firefighters Association Local 1391 President Jason Lawrence.
8699	This is so much fun…” He said, “Here’s the thing, this game was really well done.
8700	This is the arrangement in high-stakes college football, though of course not every player is paid for.
8701	This is the comment.
8702	This is the coveted trophy’s first visit to India as part of the Rugby World Cup 2019 Trophy Tour, which is visiting 18 nations in the countdown to Japan 2019, the first Rugby World Cup to be played in Asia, according to the statement.
8703	“This is the early stages of the investigation,” special agent Richard Rahn said.
8704	“This is the first step towards reconstitution of the structure of AAP in Punjab after the AAP volunteers convention at Bathinda.
8705	This is the first year the AFCA will handle the administration of the FCS Coaches’ Poll.
8706	This is the reason why many drop the course mid way.
8707	This is the united kingdom of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
8708	This is two appearances in a row where Perkins is finally showing that he is pulling it all together.
8709	This is untrue and an insult to these workers who are often overlooked.
8710	This is very precious to me.
8711	This is very very scary.
8712	This is what a laser pointer does to aircraft.
8713	This is what Republicans do, blame the media when their racism is exposed.
8714	This is why there should always be a reason to want a modded version, and not just leave it up to a particular want or just because you think it’s a cool thing to do.
8715	This I want to know my blood type page on EmpowHER Women's Health works best with javascript enabled in your browser.
8716	This juxtaposition of violence and childhood innocence is what separates the story from novels such as Lionel Shriver’s “We Need to Talk About Kevin” and Laura Kasischke’s “The Life Before Her Eyes.”
8717	“This kid (Escobar) plays infield better than Zobrist — way better than Zobrist.
8718	This latest episode may indeed stimulate more unpleasantness.
8719	This layer insulates through heavy duty jackets, vests and pants.
8720	This loyalty is most dramatically shown in Opie’s character-arc over the first two seasons of the show.
8721	This made them feel insecure and embarrassed, and they found themselves comparing themselves to other students who they perceived as thinner, more attractive, or more fit.
8722	This man is evil.”
8723	This marks just the latest success of the South Korean howitzer system, which is already serving with Turkey and will soon enter service with three other NATO countries, as well as India and Finland.
8724	This means 49 percent of the country is more likely to vote Democrat to 39 percent who will vote for a Republican.
8725	This means in some cities — like Ferguson, Missouri — half of the young black men are missing from the community, which has a devastating economic impact on the communities.
8726	This means she had also attempted to mislead the court.
8727	This means that Kansas is an astounding 20-1 in its last 21 regular-season contests against top-10 ranked squads.
8728	“This means that the federal government revenue that was reported by the previous government is not accurate and larger than what it actually was,” he added.
8729	This means that the security system you’re using for your cloud-based systems needs to extend out to the edge if at all possible.
8730	This meant not just solar panels, but possibly water-saving devices, fire sprinkler systems, or a pool, spa or even a barbecue in common areas.
8731	This meant that they had a deficit of 6 000 to operate effectively.
8732	This method is much like learning by observation, whereby a computer ingests data and distinguishes patterns on its own.
8733	This midterm election presents an interesting dynamic because congressional elections usually amount to a referendum on the president and opinions on the economy and this year there is a stark contrast between the two.
8734	This month many employees are on vacation.
8735	This month’s reading was the highest since September 2000.
8736	This month they finished second in the Premier League, 19 points behind Manchester City but ahead of Spurs, Liverpool and Chelsea.
8737	This move to adopt a shared standard, as well as Apple technologies (including HealthKit, CareKit and ResearchKit), are enabling a profound change in the types of data that are being created and the way in which this can be used, Zant said.
8738	This narrative device could be used again in a possible sequel.
8739	“This National Day is a moment of historical reflection, a moment of conclusions, of joy, of solidarity between all Romanian citizens without any discrimination.
8740	This new facility is going to be an intrical part of our community.”
8741	This newspaper is based in Austin, which is only three hours south of where the Cowboys are based.
8742	This no doubt attested to the worth of the man for whom every male and female acquaintance holds a blazing torch, even in death.
8743	This open letter is coming from the heart of a patriot and senior citizen of the state in a bid to encourage you to continue on the good job you are doing since your assumption of office in 2016.
8744	This opportunity gives students a chance to socialize more than the average student, and helps form lifelong friendships.
8745	This owes to the Partition of 1947 being a national memory in both India and Pakistan to this day.
8746	This particular exclusive car comes with its custom coach work, reminiscent of the royal carriages of yore.
8747	“This path is not the one that I would’ve chosen for Missourians or my colleagues,” House Speaker Todd Richardson, also a Republican, said at a news conference.
8748	This pattern of extreme overreaction by the Tatmadaw to provocations by militant groups provides political cover.
8749	This person is writing this like it's a new discovery.
8750	This post of mine started a mad wave of amazing women posting their own back to me in our revolution against shame and self hatred over our looks, perpetuated by the media.
8751	This process proceeds easier at room temperature when liquids are involved.
8752	“This proclamation recognizes French-speaking Albertans whose contributions to the province began in the 1700s, and who comprise one of the fastest-growing and most culturally diverse French-speaking populations in Canada.”
8753	This production is appropriate for all audiences.
8754	This prompted Fried to urge allies on Capitol Hill to codify sanctions on Russia into law to stop the administration from unilaterally repealing them.
8755	This proud father's initial hesitance about his son's career choice was in part a concern over anti-police feelings that spread after controversial police-involved shootings across the country - followed by riots in Ferguson, Baltimore, and Charlotte.
8756	This raises two questions.
8757	This reduction of inflammation explains why repeated cold water immersion may be therapeutic for other conditions which may have an inflammatory component.
8758	“This rigging plot is the major reason behind the secret creation of 30,000 illegal polling units by INEC (The commission has since dismissed this allegation), in compromised areas, which we earlier alerted the nation about.
8759	This roster magic will surely save their season…
8760	This ruling by the CMAC is not the only assault on military legal authority.
8761	This same man told the Mainichi Shimbun that “gangs were attracted to the anonymity associated with cryptocurrencies from the beginning.
8762	This season for the TSO’s longtime music director, Peter Oundjian.
8763	This security tower system features a telescoping boom that reaches 30 feet, a full-HD security camera and a blue LED strobe lamp to deter unauthorized personnel.
8764	This session will be helpful in both personal and professional arenas.
8765	This, she said, was in line with the present administration’s change agenda and the Federal Government’s Economic Recovery and Growth Plan 2017 – 2020.
8766	This shit is real now.
8767	This should be discussed openly,” Arantes says.
8768	“This show has always been about power, who has it and who wants it.”
8769	This sound-wave remnant is generally called a baryon acoustic oscillation.
8770	This storm brought six times that amount in just a few hours.
8771	This story is more about restoring faith in people than anything.
8772	This strategic partnership breaks new ground in coupling investments in -- with operational value-add to -- global medtech companies entering the healthcare market."
8773	This submission was according to a study by the 2018 tournament’s organising committee released on Wednesday.
8774	This table compares WMIH and its rivals top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.
8775	This term refers to something that’s incredibly powerful, but is easily shattered.
8776	This threat to Wikipedia has been a particular thorn in the side of people who support the copyright directive, and public outcry has resulted in specific being made for online encyclopedias.
8777	This time around, something is different.“
8778	This time, it is Republicans raising allegations about it being abusive or unfair, but, in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, it was Democrats who were highly critical of the use of certain FISA authorities.
8779	"This title is also for him.
8780	This type of freedom of expression is a crime in many ‘liberal societies’
8781	This type of software will help to protect your business from common malware infections and prevent unauthorized external connections.
8782	This units success lies in the hands of Mariota.
8783	"This verdict is a decision that is impossible in light of international law,"
8784	This volunteer-run organization distributes books to incarcerated people in the Carolinas to cultivate community, education and rehabilitation.
8785	“This was a big year in celebrating Canada 150,” Harder said, noting how much she enjoyed being part of Canada Day festivities at Henderson Lake Park, and the importance of recognizing both how far the country has come and where it is going in the future.
8786	This was a genuinely smart move.
8787	This was an increase of 10.1% when compared to the same month last year.
8788	This was a routine block for any offensive lineman, and yet these guys fell flat on their faces in very typical Browns fashion.
8789	This was more about the practical side of surgery in the military.
8790	This was *mumble mumble* years ago, so I can't recall how it happened, verbatim, but we had some quiz in my biology class and it had to do with sexual reproduction of ferns or whatever.
8791	This was part of the resolutions reached after the joint session which held for about three hours today.
8792	This was supposed to be the original ending of which might explain why using it as a post-credits scene somehow makes it feel tacked on and more than a little out of place.
8793	This was the snapshot at the start of the NY session.
8794	This was while Sindelar played through a torn ACL during that stretch.
8795	This weekends Final Four playoffs will be knockout semifinals on Saturday, and the finals on Sunday for both U-12 and U-15.
8796	This weekend the club partners with the KZN Blind and Deaf Society in the 4km and 8km walk at Kings Park Athletic Stadium in Durban.
8797	This week, he had six rushing attempts and seven receptions for 115 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown, by far his best game of the season.
8798	This week on our virtual tour we’re leaving the coastal regions and heading inland.
8799	This week, Pulaski County Friends of the Library is holding its final book sale of the year, as well as its final sale until March.
8800	This week's featured gig poster was designed by local artist Ryan Duggan.
8801	This week, the news sniffin’ canine is departing from the normal weekly rantings against government waste and political minutia and taking a tail-wagging look at a new concept doggie park down by the river.
8802	This week, we broke our tendency and pitched it to Jet, he was wide open.
8803	"This whole thing can turn on a dime.
8804	This whole thing started when casting rumors for Todd Philips' started circulating several weeks ago.
8805	This will be in addition to the American Pride and the Queen of the West paddlewheel boats that cruise the Columbia.
8806	This will be put us in the top teams in the world, at a guess the top eight in the world.
8807	This will be the 28th meeting between the two sides in competitive action, with the home side winning the majority of the games (15), and just four wins for the visitors.
8808	This will be the only meeting of the season between Kelowna and Kootenay.
8809	This will be the second plant in Belarus producing potash fertilizers with the capacity of up to 2 million tonnes of potassium chloride per year.
8810	This will give the meatballs a better taste and keep the seasoning in the meat.
8811	This will hurt the states’ own welfare schemes,” he added.
8812	'This woman is going to kill me,' he said.
8813	This would lower the amount of the distribution that is taxable in one way or another by 50%.
8814	This would retain any items found during renovation as a reminder of the mill’s heritage, and to fulfil a requirement to include public art on the site.
8815	This year, candidates seeking to present a challenge to Sisi were unable to get on the ballot.
8816	This year, Olive Garden is raising the stakes.
8817	This year, she gets to do both the Big Ten and the American Athletic Conference tournaments (thanks to the Big Ten’s early journey to MSG) before heading into the three-week journey that is the NCAA Tournament.
8818	This year, the Moose Lodge and partner organizations including Bullocks Grocery joined on Saturday to prepare at least 234 meal baskets, which were picked up by families, or were delivered by volunteers to welcoming homes the following afternoon.
8819	This year was no different in terms of the grandiose promises made to farmers.
8820	“This year we had an amazing opportunity to create history and follow in our mom’s footsteps,” Adlee Van Winden said.
8821	“This year, we have been working hard and it is also good that the season started early enough which has given us good match practice ahead of our Total CAF Champions League match against Eding Sport.
8822	“This year we have extra troupes which will bring more people to watch,” Ms Williams said.
8823	This year will mark the 20-year anniversary of the show’s finale, and the 30-year anniversary of its premiere.
8824	This zero-carbon electricity will power electric vehicles that replace our internal-combustion-engine cars.
8825	Thomas went to view a number of houses before an Alone-supported home in Dublin’s north inner-city became available.
8826	“Those are chances he never got playing center so if he’s going to get opportunities like that then maybe the wing is the place for him right now.”
8827	Those fees, which go to miners who validate transactions on bitcoin's network, can spike when there is an imbalance between mining capacity and the number of folks looking to make bitcoin transactions.
8828	”Those guys are tough runners,” Smith said of the Eagles backs.
8829	Those houses were built for the merchant class.
8830	Those interested in registering for classes or who have questions about the application and enrollment process can also contact the Student Services Office at (231) 843-5510.
8831	Those leading the program say they will do everything possible to make college an option for the students.
8832	Those looking for a streamlined, Alexa-driven home entertainment experience.
8833	Those metrics show that Afghan government forces still face a tough fight against the Taliban.
8834	Those on location were warned they might need to evacuate.
8835	Those suggestions were discussed with the Finance Minister and the Financial Services Secretary a number of times post that letter, he added.
8836	Those that fail to live up to the expectations of examinations are eternally condemned as dull, a tag that may stifle creativity in other careers such as the arts.
8837	Those two NFL games scream FS1.
8838	Those who are admitted are closely monitored.
8839	Those who make a false report in bad faith could be found guilty of class A misdemeanor and be fined up to $5,000 by the state ethics commission.
8840	Those will have some kind of fiscal stimulus, even though it’s mostly to the richest people.
8841	Those with at least 500,000 followers average anywhere from $2,000 and $5,000 per photo.
8842	Though Darlene initially turned the offer down, Dan talked to her about how she has a family now and needs the full coverage and benefits.
8843	Though Del Mar never has many words to say, when he does speak, he speaks to Twist, and it isn’t until it is too late that Del Mar realizes what he missed.
8844	Though he looks frail, Davis manages to go toe-to-toe with tap-dancer Gregory Hines, exhibiting the same brilliant stage magic he was always known for.
8845	Though I didn’t need social media guidance for this one, it would’ve been at the ready; Jocelyn has posted tons of photos of pineapplespermanent Instagram stories is a collection of books she’s recently read.
8846	Though it is important to be physically and emotionally prepared for all of these changes, the most important preparation for marriage is the spiritual — looking toward the sacrament itself.
8847	Though its title evokes an especially bitey variation on the game of chance, "rock, paper, scissors," Coyote.
8848	Though Ma was released, his shack was ransacked and his canvases ripped up.
8849	Though the average saltwater crocodile is about 5 meters (17 feet) long, according to National Geographic, captures of this size are rare, park authorities said.
8850	Though the holidays may highlight our desire to give thanks, gratitude practices are being applied year-round in therapeutic and spiritual settings across Western North Carolina.
8851	Though the next governor’s first budget proposal is due to the General Assembly in February, all state agencies and public colleges and universities routinely submit preliminary requests between the prior August and October.
8852	Thousands of passengers sailed into the BVI on a Norwegian cruise ship on Thursday, marking the cruise lines first return to the territory since the September 2017 hurricanes.
8853	Thousands turned out to the event dressed in an array of colourful costumes, including characters Doctor Who, Batman, Spiderman, Harry Potter, Mary Poppins, Fantastic Beasts, Shaun of the Dead, Saw Deadpool and many, many more!
8854	Three Israelis were moderately wounded when a rocket hit a house in Sderot.
8855	Three other pens of black heifers from the Levi offering also went to Milyeanup Pastoral, with seven selling at $2600, six for $1400 and another seven making $1400.
8856	Three people have died in two separate fire incidences on Thursday in Meru.
8857	Three small Aurora breweries — Two22 Brew, Peak to Peak Tap & Brew and Launch Pad Brewery — in collaboration with American Craft Beer Radio, have teamed up for the Two Peak Launch Project, a three-part series of "Aurora Dessert Blonde Stouts."
8858	Three winners will receive a copy of the movie “Monster Party” on DVD (SRP $29.
8859	Three years ago, Coneygree was still just a novice with two chases under his belt.
8860	Three years later, he left military service to begin what would become a long and distinguished career in public education.
8861	Through child sponsorship, the nonprofit organization brings hope to children in need by providing them with an education that will set them up for future employment and break the cycle of poverty in their lives.
8862	Through its civil protection and humanitarian aid operations department (ECHO), the European Commission helps over 120 million victims of conflict and disasters every year.
8863	Throughout the year, the committee observes the students and searches for those that meet the criteria.
8864	Through painstaking research, the exhibition presents engaging digital media, graphics, scenic built environments and facilitated dialogic programming as part of the visitor experience.
8865	Through the nutrition title, the legislation also gives food security for those in vulnerable circumstances.
8866	“Through the studies enabled by nPOD, we’re starting to understand better why those efforts in mice don’t transfer to humans and where we need to go to prevent and cure this disease.”
8867	Through this journey she learned how to manage her pain and made it her mission to spread awareness about the ways you can treat RA.
8868	Through Unify, high-school students are educating younger students by giving presentations focused on what bullying is and how it impacts the person being bullied.
8869	Through your experience with yoga you will develop a focused and attentive mind, while simultaneously creating a feeling of peace and relaxation.
8870	Throw out any food that has an unusual odor, color or texture or feels warm to the touch.
8871	THURSDAY, May 17, 2018 -- A new MRI scanning technique can help doctors better nail down when a person has suffered a stroke and whether clot-busting drugs will help preserve their brain.
8872	Thus, at the end of his life he clearly recognized emptiness and worthless pursuits.
8873	Thus, clients have the flexibility to scale-up versus out.
8874	Thus, we said, “We must believe in our cause and be willing to die for it.
8875	Tickets are $35–$40 with $25 tickets for students under age 25 with valid ID.
8876	Tickets are now on sale at, FortCollinsChamber.
8877	Tickets are on sale now at $30 per person or $50 per pair.
8878	Tickets sales will open on June 7 at 9am at www.bigconcerts.co.za and Computicket.
8879	Till Friday evening, a total of 28 people have lost their lives in rain-related incidents, a bulk of the casualties being reported from Idukki in central Kerala.
8880	Timberwolves End Playoff Run With 122-104 Loss To RocketsClint Capela had 26 points and 15 rebounds, Harden added 24 points and the Rockets pulled away in the third quarter.
8881	Time to stop talking fart.
8882	Timi is in Russia with his son who obviously will be having the time of his life.
8883	Timothy Kintz, 39, was accused of molesting the child when she and her family stayed over a house he had in Hunlock Twp. several years ago.
8884	Tinys Milk And Cookies brought moist, melty, chocolate chip cookies in paper bags.
8885	T-Mobile Arena will be home to arguably the biggest card the UFC has ever run.
8886	TN Beverages was acquired for over $1 million by the commercial lawyer and a considerable investment has since been made to improve operations.
8887	To address the problem, "I think four 'Rs' are the answers.
8888	To Armour, he believes that hiring part-time faculty is an essential part of any University—they cover instructional gaps and fit well when there isn’t enough room in the budget for full-time professors to be hired.
8889	Toasts, an essential part of any celebratory Soviet meal, were often written in advance.
8890	"To be able to do that there?
8891	To be credible, competitive processes require an independent, fair and impartial referee.
8892	To be sure, the Bay Area “urgently needs new investment in transportation,” but RM3, he says, “is not the answer.”
8893	“To be thought leaders and not industry followers.”
8894	To create a secure note, open the Keychain application on your Mac, select ‘Secure Notes’ and click the Plus button.
8895	Today a snake oil salesman is a metaphor for peddling too-good-to-be-believed promises.
8896	Today, Dharma’s official Instagram handle shared a cute snap of Ranbir and Alia.
8897	“Today, everything worked good, starting from my serve, from my forehands and backhands.
8898	Today, I am moved to tears of disappointment and anger that Democrats blinked.”
8899	Today, Ikpeazu has completed 56 roads while another 79 are at their different levels of completion just after 33 months in office.
8900	Today is the day I’m fertilizing the plants in the sunroom as well as repotting a number of them to give them new vigor.
8901	Today is the day that teams have to decide on whether the players that they selected in the first round of the 2015 NFL draft will have their fifth-year options picked up.
8902	Today, one of out of every five firearms purchased in this country is an AR-style rifle, according to a NSSF estimate.
8903	Today's consumers are expecting a personalized experience, both online and in the brick-and-mortar space, and this integration finally provides dealers with the actionable insights found in big data to make this experience possible.
8904	Today’s news serves as yet another reminder to corporate leaders: in today’s politics, there’s no room for “it’s just business” excuses.
8905	Today the battle of Iran is no longer the military one, but that of the economy.
8906	Today, the ministries operate in all 50 states and market aggressively on television, radio, and the Internet.
8907	Today, there is a flood in Delhi, a flood of pollution.
8908	Today, we hand it over to the community, with the expectation that it will benefit thousands of residents in Jonglei region,” UNHCR Representative to South Sudan, Mr. Johann Siffointe said.
8909	"Today, with field-grown produce, 30 to 45 per cent of the final value at shelf is attributable to trucks and warehouses," he says.
8910	“Toddlers can’t fully understand and interpret what they are seeing, but the images and sounds can be frightening and cause emotional trauma.”
8911	To deal with the opioid crisis, the GOP nominee would lower taxes.
8912	To demonstrate just how big a problem this can be, Hayes asks me to take out my phone.
8913	To drink lattes, polish off eggs, and inhale flaky pastries.
8914	To enable her garments to adapt, she uses techniques including stretchable fabrics and silhouettes that include pleats or fullness to accommodate for bodily changes.
8915	To enable “Mario Time,” as it’s being called, you simply need to update your app from either the App Store or the Google Play Store and then tap the yellow “?” icon you see in the bottom right of the app.
8916	To find out more about the FReeZA program, visit youthcentral.
8917	To get back to where he wants to be, being an average Joe is the best place to start.
8918	Together, we’ve created a competitive business environment, a highly skilled workforce, and a low corporate tax rate while making infrastructure investments that will help sustain our growth for years to come.
8919	“Together with his work colleague, they armed themselves with sticks and opened the car, only to find that it had vanished.
8920	To help the family grieve, Gemma let the children choose a pot to decorate Amanda’s grave in Westwood Cemetery, Ince.
8921	To imagine what the pipeline debate might look like today, we can examine another pipeline project proposed for the B.C. coast: Northern Gateway.
8922	Tokyo stocks rebound strongly after post-election surge on Wall StreetStocks bounced back sharply on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Thursday, aided by an overnight surge in U.S. equities following the closely watched U.S. midterm elections.
8923	To make as much money as possible, they export the majority of gas produced in Australia, leaving a small pool for domestic customers, who are forced to pay whatever the gas companies demand or miss out.
8924	To make the gamble pay off, the market would have to beat the bank’s interest charges, which Jones estimates will come in around 4.7 percent.
8925	To make things easier, we will be breaking the free agents into four categories: (six players), offense (7), defense (7) and restricted (5).
8926	Tom Brady has lots to say about diet and fitness — he published a book detailing what he calls "The TB12 Method" and sells products online.
8927	Tom Cruise in the role of failed Hitler assassin Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg for Valkyrie.
8928	“To meet the need for the education infrastructure, we shall scale up the budget on education in 2019,” he said.
8929	… To me, it just looks like some stuff.
8930	To me that would be the 'real story' otherwise it's just another sappy story on the internet.
8931	“To me, trying to write a simple melody is the hardest thing to do.
8932	"To me, you are the best fans in the world.
8933	Tom Kines, senior meteorologist with AccuWeather, said the peak wind speed recorded Friday at the Carroll County Regional Airport in Westminster was 45 miles per hour.
8934	Tomorrow Ukrainians around the world mark Unity Day.
8935	Tom Ruckman of the Park, mingled with his town friends for time, week end.
8936	Toms River police say the woman who allegedly stole check books at Riverwood Park last month has been using the checks at banks across the Shore.
8937	Toni Braxton has lost a very important token of love (An engagement ring) she got from her fiancé this year.
8938	Tonight: Stay calm yet confident.
8939	Tony has been with Y&R since 2004 and has a long history in soap writing and producing.
8940	Tony Scotto also thanked Folmar and urged everyone to get to know the “kind and generous people” who live here.
8941	Too bad the ‘skins don’t appear to have much of a receiving core nor a threatening rushing attack to help Smith out immediately, but it beats the Browns by a country mile.
8942	Too many crooks in the NDP now.
8943	Too often, said Yang, there is a misconception that Chinese food is greasy or it will be a buffet.
8944	“To play Rangers at the start of the year and then if we can win this cup with it being my testimonial year, it would mean the world to me.
8945	To prevent droplet infections, students with the flu should limit the possibility of transmission by limiting contact with others, staying home 24 hours after the fever is gone and covering their mouths and noses when coughing or sneezing.
8946	To qualify for the dean’s list, students must earn a 3.5 or greater grade point average for the semester.
8947	To quantify the phenomenon, a team of researchers surveyed dozens of studies focused on population dynamics in human-influenced habitat -- urban, suburban and agricultural environs.
8948	"To require our teachers to say to their pupils, 'I want you to learn from me how to do what I am forbidden to do,' is to make of education the most utter nonsense."
8949	TORONTO — Ontario’s debt is ballooning as the Liberal government takes the province back into deficit in its final budget before a spring election.
8950	Toronto’s housing market experienced a severe crash in 1989, brought on by a combination of overbuilding, double-digit interest rates and rampant speculation.
8951	“To say that he didn’t do anything wrong is such a minimizing of what the victims went through,” said the mother, who preferred to remain anonymous to protect the identity of her juvenile daughter.
8952	To score, player must hit or kick the sliotar into the goal for three points, or hit, kick, or slap the sliotar over the crossbar for one point.
8953	To see why, it’s worth understanding why running a highly available, secure and robust infrastructure is so expensive.
8954	To start with, it’s unquestionably a whole lot better to tailor-made essays.
8955	Total non-performing assets at March 31, 2018 consisted primarily of one parcel of other real estate owned and represented just 0.3 percent of total assets, a reduction from 0.5 percent at March 31, 2017 and 0.4 percent at December 31, 2017.
8956	To that end, Hernandez says he and his organizations will be staying busy with DACA renewal workshops across North Texas.
8957	To that end, Liberals will spend the weekend touting the increase of the minimum wage from $11.60 an hour to $14 and their new signature “OHIP+” pharmacare program, which gives free prescription drug benefits to everyone 24 and under.
8958	To the surprise of exactly no one, Belichick …
8959	To this end, the DBE has issued a circular to all provincial education departments and schools on measures to take in order to prevent the spread of listeriosis.
8960	To win over Toys R Us shoppers, stores like ramped up their toy categories for the holidays this year.
8961	Toxicologist Steve Ensley said Kansas’ summer drought conditions led to a heightened risk of aflatoxin in the state’s grain crop, while wet conditions during the 2018 harvest also made that grain susceptible to fumonisin.
8962	Toxoplasma gondii spreads in cat faeces to other mammals, including humans.
8963	Toyota also has plans to launch more hybrid models in India in the lower price segments.
8964	Tr0mBoNe: I'm a broken man.
8965	Track all your expenses – Debit orders are the easiest to track but the best way to deal with small expenses is to withdraw a certain amount each week or month and enter this in to your budget under ‘miscellaneous’.
8966	Trade puts an end to war because of the vested interest in mutual prosperity.
8967	Traders are starting to take notice of the recent string of economic data, which has been particularly boisterous led by strong employment print supported by an uptick in consumer sentiment.
8968	Traditional expectations are that male genitals will not be present in a woman’s locker room and sauna.
8969	“Traffic controllers from the Transport Management Centre monitored the wallaby as it hopped across to lane one and, without indicating, exited onto Cahill Expressway then to Macquarie Street,” said an official statement from New South Wales Police.
8970	Traffic is impacted on both Paramount Road and Inkster Blvd. Citizens are asked to use alternate routes.
8971	Tragedy is bound to happen when you have a state apparatus that is at best incompetent and at worst nonexistent – and apparently only getting worse under this administration.
8972	Train crash reported in DeKalb County, Main Street closed near Eastside High.
8973	Training camp will be the most important time for us to evaluate how McGovern might be developing as an NFL lineman.
8974	Transitions are weird and stressful, but the great thing about them is that they don’t last forever.
8975	Travel agency H.I.S. Co. is eyeing an ambitious plan to build eight more android-staffed Henn na Hotels in addition to the one it opened in Tokyo’s high-end Ginza shopping district on Thursday.
8976	Traveling is carefree, fun and exciting!
8977	Travis Scott shows his respects to Mac Miller while performing in Las Vegas pic.
8978	Treatments that combine radiation with immunotherapy, which also uses the immune system to fight cancer, are considered especially promising.
8979	Tree donors should remove all decorations, including lights, garland, and ornaments before drop off.
8980	Trent enjoys hiking and collecting rocks.
8981	Trinetra workspace is filled with fancy gadgets that a decent VFX can create but the one thing that it lacks is originality.
8982	“Triple-A baseball is coming to Wichita because of who we are today and because of who we aspire to be tomorrow,” Longwell said Thursday during a news conference at Lawrence-Dumont Stadium.
8983	Triton won the second quarter 22-8 to take a 34-20 lead to halftime.
8984	Triulzi points out that the CTS-Labs paper is very short on technical details.
8985	Trooper Wagner located a monitor which displayed in plain view both cruisers in the driveway, several firearms, a police scanner and marijuana inside the residence.
8986	Trotman said it is important to know the truth.
8987	Troy’s last FOUR years were all below 60%.
8988	Trump also is benefiting from the many donors who’ve helped fund a gaggle of super PACs that support him.
8989	Trump and Xi are due to meet in Argentina on Saturday amid tensions over Taiwan, the South China Sea and an increasingly bitter trade war between the sides.
8990	Trump backed off his funding demands as Congress came to an agreement on a spending deal that averts a government shutdown.
8991	Trump broke a decadeslong tradition by declining to release his returns during the campaign.
8992	Trump had come to the decision after speaking with Mattis, he said.
8993	“Trump has been trashing the EU and Nato since his campaign, but the pace and viciousness of his attacks have increased,” Rogin wrote.
8994	Trump hoped to come up with evidence of widespread fraud when he appointed a commission to study the issue.
8995	Trump is on solid ground to push for it.
8996	Trump’s act received quick criticism from Senator John McCain, who tweeted his disappointment: “An American president does not lead the Free World by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections.
8997	Trump said at a Cabinet meeting in the White House that "They've stopped the sending of missiles, including ballistic missiles.
8998	Trump said he signed the measure that had passed the Senate just hours earlier “as a matter of national security,” because it dramatically expands military funding and provides for “the largest pay increase” for US troops in over a decade.
8999	Trump said that he believes the US should “stiffen up laws in terms of the death penalty” — the shooter is currently in police custody — and said shooters should pay “the ultimate price.”
9000	Trump said that while teachers should not be forced to carry weapons, those who are “adept” at shooting should — and should be eligible for bonuses if they do.
9001	Trump’s lawyer, Charles Harder, said it was a “total victory” for the president.
9002	Trump’s new cabinet nominees also are beginning to pile up in the Senate, probably leading to weeks of confirmation battles and other delays in the run-up to midterm elections in November.
9003	Trump's offshore drilling plan immediately attracts bipartisan disapproval.
9004	Trump’s praise for Kim on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to his previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader.
9005	“Trump’s willingness to put our national security at risk in order to protect jobs in China must be stopped.
9006	Trump this week expressed a preference for the DMZ but also said Singapore was possible.
9007	Trump, who has pitched himself as the ultimate negotiator, has focused on ambitious deals as president but has struggled with the fine print.
9008	Trump will be more concerned with other stories circulating around the White House right now, with a new book from journalist Bob Woodward attracting plenty of attention right now and filling the Twitter feed of the President.
9009	Trust and believe, she says.
9010	Truth is if had taken up either of the offers when this mega role came by, i won’t have been able to prepare for competitive interviews at all.
9011	Trying hard to excel in your classes is worth it.
9012	"Trying to address climate change at current financing levels is like walking into a Category 5 hurricane protected by only an umbrella," she said in a speech.
9013	Try the oysters ‘Ile Callot’; the melt-in-the-mouth pâté en croûte or the sole meunière.
9014	Tuesday Rostrum’s March luncheon Mbango Valley took the form of a Mad Hatter’s Tea Party and guests donned an array of crazy headgear for the occasion.
9015	Tuesday, the 38-year-old former Kardashian husband, broke his silence to let everyone know he was “OK.”
9016	Turkish Airlines Chairman of the Board and the Executive Committee M. İlker Aycı added: “We have a strong long-standing relationship with CNN and we know the series would be in safe hands with a seasoned traveller such as Richard Quest.
9017	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as well as the rest of Turkey’s political class, has exploited this fact as he aspires to terminate international treaties, disregarding international law and declaring his determination to take or sacrifice lives.
9018	Turner is a soulfully unique voice with a homegrown rhythmic style.
9019	Turns out she had been to see a taxidermist.
9020	Tutt added this.
9021	TV shows like “” combine zany humor with complex, personal examinations of mental illness.
9022	Twelve percent of the state's bridges are "structurally deficient," according to a 2017 report from the American Society of Civil Engineers, and 28 percent of the roads are in "poor condition."
9023	Twenty-four members of the gang including four women are facing anti-gang charges in the Supreme Court.
9024	Twenty-four years after joining the sheriff’s department, Ranny Acres retired on the last minute of the last hour of the year 2000.
9025	Twenty-one employees were killed and more than a hundred were injured.
9026	“Twenty years ago I heard car manufacturers saying if Britain didn’t join the euro they may well consider pulling out of Britain – Nissan, others like that,” he told Sky News.
9027	Twinkle had earlier played the parallel lead in Star Plus Tu Mera Hero.
9028	Twitter posts and Wizards’ blogs were on fire on Thursday night with confusion and viral cursing that hopefully Grunfeld, or anyone related to the general manager, didn’t read.
9029	Two Armoured Personnel Carriers and other security vehicles were stationed at the court.
9030	Two CC-150 Polaris aircraft are configured for strategic air-to-air refueling and the rest are used for transport and other roles.
9031	Two days ago, Marathe was granted bail and some others were enlarged on bail on Friday, even as the issue snowballed into a major political controversy.
9032	Two of the charges in the indictment — attempted carjacking and aggravated criminal trespassing — were not included in the original warrant, but prosecutors said there is sufficient evidence in the case file to support the charges.
9033	Two other Russian appeals were also rejected by Cas on Thursday.
9034	Two particularly prominent examples are the colonial criminal codes of Queensland, Australia, both of which specifically criminalized male-to-male sexual relations—though they both set a penalty of long-term imprisonment rather than death.
9035	Two recent polls have shown she’s close to Rep. Don Young, and she’s raised nearly $1.2 million.
9036	Two things above all are impeding its progress.
9037	Two-thirds of Nigeria’s 109 senators are required to remove Mr Saraki from office.
9038	Two years ago, these New York based designers decided to show their ready-to-wear collection in Paris for strategic business reasons— namely to profit more sales.
9039	“TWRA has been doing this for at least 15 years, that’s longer than I’ve been here,” Thompson said.
9040	Tyler is out to find out who the hacker is and then go after them.
9041	Tyler Seguin had two goals and an assist for Dallas, which rallied with two third-period goals.
9042	Types of this coin are being put up for sale on Ebay, with one going for £205.
9043	Typically a nunciature will oversee one or two appointments a year.
9044	Uber won’t publish financial results, but some Uber-watchers say the company lost nearly $5 billion in 2017, up from a $2.7 billion loss in 2016.
9045	UB Preserv's website pays tribute to some of the Houston restaurants and people that Shepherd admires.
9046	UCLA area, female preferred.
9047	UC's Nanoworld Lab set a world record in 2007 by growing a nanotube that stretched nearly two centimeters, the longest carbon nanotube array produced in a lab at the time.
9048	Úgy érzem, most érett be a munkánk gyümölcse!"
9049	UK indie Zig Zag Productions has launched a short form series on Facebook’s streaming platform Watch featuring British street magician Troy Von Scheibner.
9050	Ukip MEP who described Islam as a “death cult” has emerged as the frontrunner to be the party’s next leader if members back a vote of no confidence in Henry Bolton.
9051	Ultimately, she kicks him out of the house, though praying for forgiveness for “judging something I don’t understand myself.”
9052	UN calls ceasefire after at least 500 killed in Syria bombin.
9053	Undenge in 2016 handpicked a public relations company called Fruitful Communications owned by Psychology Maziwisa and former ZBC news anchor Oscar Pambuka to do work for ZPC.
9054	Under Colorado law, there is no such thing as a private charter school.
9055	Undergraduate medical students will study a course on ethics and communication from the 2019-20 academic year, with the newly appointed board of governors of the Medical Council of India approving the the new MBBS curriculum.
9056	Under pressure from Arab nations, the president-elect is reportedly considering walking back some of those promises, but has said he remains committed to boosting his country’s ties with Brazil.
9057	Under some beach conditions, no beach remained and waves reached those walls.
9058	Under the governor’s executive order, which is in effect for 30 days, state agencies may make emergency purchases and acquisitions needed to expedite the delivery of resources to local jurisdictions.
9059	Under the storage bag you’ll find a USB charging cable to keep the 800mAh battery juiced up and 3.5mm auxiliary audio cable for those that play from a stereo audio source with a 3.5mm headphone jack.
9060	Under the supervision of instructor Randy Saterlee, the students said they enjoyed working with each other toward a common goal and seeing something that they had planned out become a reality.
9061	Under threat of a pending lawsuit, the KHSD board decided earlier this month to attempt to redraw voting districts ahead of an upcoming election to provide more equity on the board to Latino communities.
9062	Unexpected dust storms in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan leave behind a trail of deaths and injuries.
9063	"Unfortunately, highly-skilled dentistry is not always accessible to members of the military for many reasons," said Dr. Craig Spodak, owner of Spodak Dental Group and National Committee Member for Freedom Day USA.
9064	Unfortunately, it now seems that all current security tech on the market is next-generation.
9065	Unfortunately, i was groomed for thinking outside the box, Brave people resign but cowards wait until they are fired.
9066	Unfortunately, Macomb has experience with restaurants failing inspections.
9067	Unfortunately, nobody seems to be taking the expired advertisements down, creating more clutter than there ought to be.
9068	“Unfortunately not enough people know about the way people live in modern Africa.
9069	Unfortunately, too often, many of them go on to commit additional crimes, victimizing other Americans and costing taxpayers even more in incarceration costs.
9070	UNHCR teams are currently working with UN and other partners in the region to assess humanitarian needs, trying to ensure those most at risk – including unaccompanied children – are taken care of.
9071	UNH isn’t a top team by any stretch, but this was an impressive performance by Boston College all the same.
9072	United States Congressman, Ambassadors of Congo and South Korea in separate audiences with Minister Lejeune Mbella Mbella discussed the enhancement of collaboration.
9073	University of the Third Age (U3A) provides educational, social and recreational programs and activities which promote lifelong learning for members of the community who are retired or semi-retired.
9074	Unlike European truffles, which grow under tree roots, desert truffles spring up after rain, which means that volume and quality vary according to the amount of precipitation and the general weather.
9075	Unlike his father, Chris Walsh didn’t gravitate toward the military.
9076	Unlikely, but not impossible.
9077	Unlike some of his competitors’ convoluted transit plans, Ford’s was simple: Subways, subways, subways.
9078	Unlike some of the more recent entries in the series, Professor Layton and the Curious Village actually has a history on mobile devices.
9079	Unlike the recent years, the Ashura ceremony in Damascus countryside benefited from the secure conditions restored after years of the takfiri war on Syria.
9080	UNMISS says a meeting will be held between community leaders and camp leaders from the PoC sites to understand the causes of the incident and negotiate an amicable solution.
9081	UN staff visited 11 detention centres in Libya, witnessing ill-treatment, forced labour, and torture.
9082	Until 2010, biologists considered the two white rhinos– the Northern and Southern– as two sub-species.
9083	Until that point, I hadn’t really thought much about cannabis and whether I approve of its legalization.
9084	Up 67 cents, or 0.55 per cent, to $122.40 on 1.48 million shares.
9085	Up against those challenges, Tesla's Autopilot tech is interesting but hardly mission-critical.
9086	Updated Twitter guidelines for talent sounds like a good idea either way, though.
9087	Upon arriving in Charleston, she worked as a café barista while searching for a job in her field.
9088	Upon being elected to an office by voters back home, the elected candidates roll out platforms that they may have had ambitions of achieving.
9089	Upon further analysis of these geographical differences, Forbes Insights identified the following three geographical personas, all based around different approaches to Industry 4.0.
9090	Upon his passing, he was joyfully welcomed into the arms of both of his parents.
9091	Upon NASA certification, the companies are each slated to fly six crew missions to the ISS beginning in 2019 and continuing through 2024, NASA said in January this year.
9092	Upon reaching the teenagers, one of the girls was holding on to her unresponsive friend.
9093	Upon seeing police, the truck’s driver, later confirmed to be Dirocco, stopped the vehicle, made an abrupt U-turn, and sped off, resulting in an extended car chase that culminated with Dirocco crashing the vehicle into a tree.
9094	Up to 10 varieties of intros or outros can be created per song, per artist or other criteria to give your station seemingly live DJ presence.
9095	Urine used to be collected and used for lots of things, back in the day.
9096	Usani said that June 12 stood for the unity of all Nigerians irrespective of tribe or religion.
9097	U.S. Army National Guard Spc.
9098	USA Truck (NASDAQ:USAK) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 1st.
9099	U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna said in a statement that Gourdikian's "actions clearly violated federal law and introduced unauthorized firearms into the community.
9100	Us Brits do really love irony.
9101	USB thumb drives are much better for storage and have a huge capacity by comparison.
9102	USDA will provide webinars on grant programs later this month.
9103	Use DLP software to monitor data-access patterns and report those deviations that may indicate a data breach.
9104	Used Wurlitzer Spinet piano, 55” long, 24” wide, 40: high.
9105	Use it to take a full-body selfie, catalog your wardrobe, and even get style advice based on current trends when comparing two outfits.
9106	Users get an option to share their Story to WhatsApp from the Instagram sharing screen.
9107	Users of the service can locate a bike by looking at a map on the app before scanning a QR code to use it.
9108	U Set Aung was a deputy governor of the Myanmar Central Bank until July 2017 and served as deputy minister of national planning and economic development and as economic adviser to former president U Thein Sein.
9109	Use this next time, keeps away food hipsters.
9110	Using store samples as a substitute for lunch may make me a cheapskate, but I’m OK with that.
9111	US ‘s economy went up after Trump lowered the taxes,” asserted Imran Khan.
9112	U.S. Senator from Illinois Dick Durbin said he is concerned about voting system security ahead of the midterm elections.
9113	U.S. stocks are rising again as strong company earnings lift the market.
9114	Usually concealed by foliage, colorful birds now seem to fill the trees and fields, creating a perfect time of year for the nationwide 119th Annual Christmas Bird Count.
9115	UT is 18-0 when leading with 5:00 left in the game, 2-0 when tied and 1-4 when trailing.
9116	UT went 9-1, sweeping Kentucky, Ole Miss, Vanderbilt and South Carolina and splitting with Georgia.
9117	Uzo made this known in Abuja on Sunday.
9118	Valentine One and Only « CBS ChicagoWelcome to CBS 2 on CBSChicago.com! CBS 2 has joined forces with the most trusted local CBS RADIO stations in Chicago to give you the best Chicago has to offer as CBS Local.
9119	Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil is in the same bracket as Shapovalov and will face Croatia's Borna Coric.
9120	Vascular surgeons like Dr Anupa Ramnarain, a certified vascular and endovascular surgeon treats and teach others about how to deal with complications such as these.
9121	Vasos got into the vehicle as Ketter was leaving the club and walking in front of the vehicle.
9122	VeChain (VET) traded 2.8% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0034 or 0.00000104 BTC.
9123	Vehicles were provided to those who did not have cars.
9124	Venezuela was deliberately impoverished, and then robbed of what little it has left.
9125	Verdi retained the dramatic elements of the Shakespeare play – sexual jealousy, murder and suicide – and somehow succeeded in making Iago even more evil.
9126	Vertical Research began coverage on shares of Livent in a research note on Monday, October 22nd.
9127	Very brave and great decision by “Trump” to switch North and South Korea round- very Wife Swap!
9128	Very good building location on quiet road not far from town.
9129	"Very interesting as we look east and our general (Constantino Chiwenga) had to travel to China before the coup.
9130	Veteran Amini Silatolu had been the leader in the clubhouse but will undergo surgery to repair a torn meniscus Friday.
9131	Veterans in West Virginia economic development say the consistent efforts of the Commerce department do matter, including the relationships forged by the agency’s leaders and the ongoing work of staff.
9132	Veterans with appointments, or those with procedures scheduled for that day, should go to their appointments as scheduled.
9133	Via spokesman, Texas coach Tom Herman tells me about the Jeff Snook story: "It is absolutely untrue.
9134	Vicente Fox, who won the Mexican presidency as a member of the couple’s center-right National Action Party, tweeted, “It fills me with sadness to have suddenly lost two great friends with brilliant political careers.”
9135	Victoria P. Adrian raises her cane to demonstrate her strength.
9136	Victor Moses’ centre was looped towards the far post and nodded down far too easily by Morata, in amid grounded opponents.
9137	Video recaps from this weekend's Honda IndyCar Series racing activities in are available on the "Honda Racing/HPD" YouTube channel.
9138	VIDEOS: What should the government’s Data Protection Bill, meant to protect your data and privacy, look like?
9139	Vidya Devi along with others was putting up at Talwara migrant camp in Reasi district for the last 20 years now.
9140	Viewers will see the couple stand together against outsiders and fight each other when their individual desires clash.
9141	Views and opinions expressed by the author in this column are solely those of the author and not of Asian Journal and ABS-CBN-TFC.
9142	Villanova and Michigan both have that – without the one-and-done guys.
9143	Violence against children blamed on lack of enough awareness https://t.
9144	Virgillo Murillo, CEO Kolbe Foundation: “Well I would not be able to release them without getting a further order so.”
9145	Visitation will be held in the chapel two hours prior to the service.
9146	Visitors were able to explore Nelson Mandela’s life, his family and journey from childhood to being a prisoner and peacemaker.
9147	Visitors were signed in by a volunteer.
9148	Visit www.drumtheatre.com.au or call 8571 1666 for bookings.
9149	VOA Sicily’s Mafia boss of bosses is dead.
9150	Volpi has created over 30 works which have graced stages worldwide.
9151	Volunteer coaches and mentors provide spaces for these girls to grow into young women by encouraging them to discover who they truly are, without limits.
9152	Volunteers have been meeting at the Young family home in Waldemar, just east of Grand Valley, before heading out to search.
9153	Vos argued that “we are going to have a very liberal governor who is going to enact policies that are in direct contrast to what many of us believe in.”
9154	Vote Democratic this November, everywhere you can!
9155	Waje has released her new single titled, 'Kpolongo' and it features the Egberi Papa One of Bayelsa, Timaya.
9156	WALDOBORO — A Waldoboro woman has filed a lawsuit against the U.S. government and a doctor at the Togus Veterans Administration Medical Center, claiming a change in medication caused the death of her father.
9157	Wall’s granddaughter Ashley recorded a video showing the moment the great-grandmother opened her gift.
9158	Walmart sorry for "confusion" over end of program for people with disabilities - NEWS 1130Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
9159	Walter Duffy, the city attorney, issued this statement: “On October 1, 1974, the Internal Affairs Unit began referring all complaints to our office for review.
9160	Walters’ opponent, Democrat Katie Porter, is trying to make the tax changes a key part of her argument against the incumbent.
9161	Walton finished with 27 points and 17 rebounds as the Golden Bears defeated Murrieta Mesa 76-69 to move into a tie atop the Southwestern League standings.
9162	Want bags of sand for your children's sand box?
9163	Want more numbers?
9164	Want to attend Les Cheneaux Culinary School?
9165	Want to Be Your Own Boss?
9166	Wardlow’s once long-shot campaign has positioned him as the anti-politics politician, the guy who, he says, will play the AG job straight down the middle.
9167	Ward said that she does hope that the input matters.
9168	Ware police, state troopers assigned to the DA’s office, and the Massachusetts State Police Collision Analysis and Reconstruction Section and Crime Scene Services investigated the deadly crash.
9169	Warner Bros., on the other hand, are a little more open; in fact, they've had something of a PR problem with the DCEU, with a constant stream of leaks that's given the franchise quite a bad reputation.
9170	WASHINGTON — A woman accused of being a secret agent for the Russian government appears to be coming closer to a plea deal with U.S. prosecutors or other resolution of her criminal case, according to court documents filed Wednesday.
9171	WASHINGTON (BP) — Three Southern Baptist members of an informal evangelical advisory council for President Trump have echoed the assessment of a new book on the president’s faith: he seems to possess a growing eagerness for spiritual knowledge.
9172	WASHINGTON — Connecticut lawmakers had different reactions to President Donald Trump’s plan to impose new tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, ranging from praise to condemnation.
9173	Was it the Boston Marathon?
9174	Was Pittsburg ready to play the game?
9175	Was the idea to go for broke, since you knew the vote was you at that point?
9176	Was there any part of that blow-up situation with Serena and the chair umpire that resonated with you as a woman, as a sports fan, or as a black woman?
9177	Watch a supporter of President Emmerson Mnangagwa say 'Pasi neZanu PF'
9178	Watch as we crawl inside Furrion Robotics’…
9179	Watching mastermind Victor slumped and shifted to the right in his wheelchair, struggling to form whole sentences, and wincing in pain, actually has audiences wondering if Victor Newman is leaving The Young and the Restless?
9180	Watch Jason Kenney recite poetry and answer rapid-fire questions in under 60 seconds.
9181	Watch Jupiter Correa and Tyler Sanchez battle as Birdo vs. Madonna; Ded Cooter and Eli Sage Rosenberg as Ellen DeGeneres vs. Kanye West; and many more.
9182	Watch Meghan McCain go head to head with Comey over saying 'very incendiary things about my party'
9183	Watch the full interview below to see Mendes sweat it out while discussing Justin Bieber’s hockey skills, Taylor Swift’s birthday party, meeting Drake, and why he “couldn’t care less” about Hufflepuff.
9184	Water and sewer emergency maintenance service requests should be submitted by calling 311.
9185	Waterman grabbed her second barely a minute later to complete the scoring, sealing an 11th win in a row for England over Scotland in the Six Nations.
9186	Wayne Trace then went on top when Alex Fast reached on an error, allowing Moore to come home for a 3-2 Raider advantage heading to the seventh.
9187	We accept paw prints.
9188	"We acknowledge the war that you fought Mr Tsvangirai and i have accepted that we should work together to fulfill your dream.
9189	"We acknowledge those different areas that families passed down throughout the generations and generations," she said.
9190	We affirm that such longstanding injustice and imbalance as reflected in the present configuration of the Security Council must be remedied without any further delay.
9191	We agreed on several things and others have reduced prices of their products.
9192	We all agree devops is critically important for helping developers build new applications and features fast, while maintaining high levels of quality and performance.
9193	“We all know that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) remains the custodian of federal government’s money, instruments and bonds’’, he said.
9194	We all wanted to see former prime minister in the inclusive Government Mr Morgan Tsvangirai who died on Valentine’s Day accorded a befitting burial, with the whole nation holding hands in unity to give him that decent send-off.
9195	We all want to believe there will be a messiah who will fix the mess we are in as quickly as Moses killed the Egyptian who was beating on the Hebrew.
9196	We also bring together local service providers in the community.
9197	We also continue to see the processing facility report excellent gold recoveries of nearly 99% for the quarter.
9198	We also discuss the state of journalist living in Mexico, the country is seeing a high rate of murders within the journalism community.
9199	We also fostered the connectivity among the countries in the region and between the region and the EU.
9200	We also have a slight chance for showers and thunderstorms during the afternoon, but most of West Tennessee should remain dry.
9201	We also understand that this capital opportunity provides people more choice in how they live their lives.”
9202	“We always have to think about family.”
9203	We applaud and thank the senator for her leadership on this crucial issue.”
9204	'We are able to exhaust all our lines of inquiry on that first instance and, however hard it is, able to release him from police custody saying he is no longer a suspect in this line of inquiry.
9205	We are a country trying to unlock our potential.
9206	"We are always looking for new foster carers to look after the range of children who come into our care each week, with the greatest need being for foster carers for older children, sibling groups and children with additional needs.
9207	“We are at the forefront of medical treatment.”
9208	We are blessed because of our relationship with God but we bring that blessing to others!
9209	“We are both maritime nations and we are pleased to have played a role in bringing attention to the problem, and we will continue to work with Japan on this,” he said.
9210	We are concerned that our town has a council member who is unable to recognize the difference between a community newspaper that has supported this community for 18 years and toilet paper.
9211	“We are constantly working on goal-scoring every day.
9212	We are currently accepting applications for 2018-2019.
9213	“We are excited about the upcoming season,” said head coach Jon Aliaga.
9214	“We are fathers and previously incarcerated people and people who came up in the hood and people who came up in the suburbs.
9215	We are going to miss that.
9216	We are grateful to the artists and buyers that support us and enable us to see such great results.
9217	“We are in the process of sorting out the arrangements for the European Union funds to kick in and that will happen some time next year,” Mullin said.
9218	"We are looking at every possible way within the legal construct that we have to make sure that those who don't have the legal right to come to this country do not come in," Nielsen said.
9219	“We are looking into the matter.
9220	“We are lucky that our players have been training so we have less to do in preparing for this particular competition, ” he said.
9221	We are not dwelling on any other matter rather than implementation,” he said.
9222	“We are not part of any government.
9223	“We are now moving to ask residents in local communities to help us, as we subsidise the collection of waste by paying a small fee.
9224	“We are one people, few in number, and we must stop sowing division among ourselves,” Mr. Lauder rightly points out.
9225	“We are pleased to hear today that the IOPC has referred the case to the CPS for criminal charges to be considered and has recommended disciplinary charges.
9226	We are reminded of an old cross-cultural African proverb told by our forefathers: It takes a village to raise a child.
9227	“We are so angry about our Nobel sister Aung San Suu Kyi,” said Karman, who visited women in refugee camps on Sunday and Monday along with another two laureates.
9228	“We are so excited to have Gregory and Stephen joining the Berthiaume Center for Entrepreneurship,” said Tom Moliterno, interim dean of the Isenberg School of Management.
9229	"We are suffering very much from shortage of labor — skilled labor — here in Dalton," said Ahmed Salama, the CEO of Oriental Weavers USA, the American branch of a giant Egyptian company.
9230	We are sure this present and desperate government of Buhari will pay to sponsor and counter this protest abroad for Buhari-must-stay and contest 2019 election.
9231	We are talking about the celebratory song, a flurry of men in purple shirts and white mundu led by a confident lass in a red sari.
9232	We are the people of Texas.
9233	"We are working in the new dispensation era, so it is our hope that there is going to be a change."
9234	“We are working very closely with other provinces to align regulations so that it does become as thorough across the nation as possible.”
9235	Wearing red T-shirts, often emblazoned with the names of their counties, the teachers filled the chambers of the State Senate on Friday morning and filled the hallways and rotunda of the Capitol, chanting, “We’re not leaving.”
9236	Wear your best Belcher family costume and get in line early because fans of the Emmy Award-winning animated FOX series Bob’s Burgers won’t want to miss this panel.
9237	“We asked for a criminal check,” said Trustee Matthew Oddy, piling on to his political enemy Morgan.
9238	We ask that the Associated Press edit the terms victim and survivor in their style book.
9239	We assume Apple will eventually follow suit.
9240	“We assumed the responsibility and attitude immediately that hey this isn’t on the kids.
9241	“We assume that you are unaware that Salsas is the owner of the registered trade mark TACO TUESDAY in respect to the provision of Mexican-style food and restaurant services,” the letter from Salsas Holdings marketing manager Rebecca Woods states.
9242	We began treating with antibiotics, anti inflammatories, and psychiatric medications along with a plethora of other supplements.”
9243	We believe in testing every new thing and the data helps us determine where and when to scale.
9244	We believe it is crucial to expose our students to a variety of different career pathways as early and often as we can.
9245	We believe that nature holds the key for new antibiotic chemotypes.”
9246	Weber Shandwick employees were paid between $200 and $600 an hour for their work.
9247	We both cried until we couldn’t any more.
9248	We call for proactive activism on the part of NLC.
9249	“We call on Russia to address all questions related to the attack in Salisbury.
9250	We call those rocks "shingle".
9251	“We can all argue about economic forecasts and none of them are 100% accurate but you have to rely on them and if you reject evidence you don’t like then you will end up with faith-based policies.”
9252	We can grow the easy way, by consciously choosing to stretch ourselves, to act even if it feels uncomfortable OR life will force us to grow by throwing us challenges.
9253	"We can hold him in contempt": Will Zuckerberg address officials?
9254	“We cannot embark on such a project without consulting proponents of restructuring like you.
9255	We can only hope that the left-wing of the party learns the lessons of this electoral defeat and takes up this necessary struggle.
9256	We can't believe she actually did this!
9257	We can’t do it without winning a game like tonight.
9258	We carefully considered every nomination and some were for places I had never heard of but which you obviously love.
9259	We chat with people, get a vibe for what they may want to hear, and move with them.
9260	We collected footage from local activists that shows the despair of civilians trying to survive in basements amid the heavy shelling.
9261	We combined joint R&D efforts to build a solution that’s able to be installed in entire leagues.
9262	We considered her request and found that we had the ingredients already, so there would not be an added cost of acquiring a new product from our distributor, and we could make and serve it in conjunction with the pre-existing breakfast items.
9263	“We cooked all around the clock.”
9264	We could have been more fair," he said.
9265	We could think about repurposing areas for safe, dedicated freight loading zones, for human spaces and for (gasp!) additional retail development.
9266	‘We currently landfill around 18,000 tonne of commercial and industrial and self-haul municipal waste.
9267	We deserve this.
9268	We did a series of consumer seminars through the ACT Healthcare Consumers Association, and it seems all we’ve done for four months or more is talk to people about what options they have to manage the content.”
9269	We did it again last year in 2017 and we matched the record from the year before.
9270	We did not have a lack of hardening.
9271	We did nothing wrong.”
9272	“We didn’t deserve to win,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said.
9273	We didn’t play as well as we can but we scored, 1-0 and three points.
9274	“We didn’t press… the work we did during the week – I feel like people watching this game won’t believe how hard we trained this week.
9275	“We didn’t qualify because we’ve earned more yellow cards, but I’m proud of my lads, they’ve worked hard for this tournament and I think we’ve showed we can have a bright future.”
9276	We’d love to solve.”
9277	Wednesday's announcement follows revelations that a Trump-affiliated consulting firm, Cambridge Analytica, got data on millions of Facebook users.
9278	We do not want to hamper the investigation,” said Govender.
9279	We don’t advertise it, per se – it’s just word of mouth.”
9280	“We don’t have the money in our branch, that makes me to go to CBN Jos branch, and after due process I collected the sum of N450 million and took the cash to my bank.
9281	We don't know if she's going to come out of this.
9282	We don’t know who’s going to rise to the top of that group yet.
9283	We do respect you (Navy), but you should go to the Pakistan border and do patrolling,” Gadkari said.
9284	“We do the things that the state doesn’t have the time or the money in its budget to do,” says Michael Melloy, interim executive director of Friends of Wilmington Parks, echoing a refrain commonly expressed by leaders of these organizations.
9285	“We do think that we’ve been raising some awareness about the pantry and that was our real goal,” Wilson said.
9286	“We do work ambulance for a particular hospital,” he said, adding that the ambulance which caught fire “was to be sent to Dehradun on Tuesday”.
9287	We DRAFTED him in round FIVE like 11 years ago.
9288	Week 5 and you’ve already complained about the officiating and whined about injuries.
9289	Weekly Joburg City news roundup: What have you missed?
9290	We encourage the country’s leadership to connect more with its young population and intensify efforts to increase safety and bring peace and opportunity to all its citizens.
9291	We encourage them to reach out to doctors for medical information and know that they can stand up for themselves and that they have a voice also."
9292	We enhance transparency of transactions via Blockchain technology, out of the box kick ass Apps that use Machine Learning, Business Intelligence and GraphDB’s to rock the status quo.
9293	“We expect that there might be a number of new users and cannabis affects different people differently,” said Ware.
9294	"We expect the government to continue to run wide fiscal deficits financed entirely by an expansion in base money, which will continue to fuel an acceleration of inflation as money demand continues to collapse," he said in the statement.
9295	We expect to see a markedly different approach to merger regulation in Nigeria, in 2018 and going forward.
9296	We face-blind people are the friendliest people around.
9297	"We feel good about our execution," he added, noting GE was halfway through its $2 billion structural cost-cutting goal for the year, as well as making progress on deleveraging the company and decentralizing business operations.
9298	“We feel we’ve grown and are excited to match up again,” Phelan said.
9299	We felt it was best for all, including perhaps the tree itself at some level, to take the tree down.”
9300	“We gave it a year, we talked to countries and tried to get reform going,” Wood said Friday, insisting: “We had to leave.”
9301	“We had a good political agreement in December.
9302	We had a lot of penalties and turnovers.
9303	We had a really brief week of practice,” coach Adam Colman said.
9304	We had heard him singing a Steeldrivers’ song, a cover of “Midnight Train To Memphis”, which is on our first CD– and it is a tough song to sing!
9305	We had previously filled out the registration forms and checked our program choices.
9306	"We had several of them.
9307	“We had some injuries to some big, key guys.
9308	We hate to say this but there are enough irregularities in how this has been handled that a legal challenge is not so far-fetched.
9309	"We have a 2017-2020 Seed System Strategy and we have a timeline.
9310	“We have a dynamic and engaged board, along with a talented and dedicated management team who share a vision focused on local community needs,” she said.
9311	“We have a great team of leaders but we need volunteers to help us organize community events.
9312	“We have all these issues, but we haven’t found a solution,” Johnson said.
9313	“We have also been investing to help the logistics sector and I want Maharashtra to be the logistics hub of India,” he said.
9314	We have a really good booth, we have a really great day.
9315	“We have a strategy in place that we’ll try to implement.”
9316	We have a thing called freedom of speech in this country':.
9317	"We have been using security agencies to engage the herdsmen to carry out their business peacefully, but when engagement fails, we will use force; we will confront the herdsmen with all we have," Mr. Akeredolu said.
9318	“We have been witness to a state of hysteria over the past weeks in the council as the Syrian government sought to exercise its sovereign right and to combat terrorist groups … and to restore security and stability,” Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari said.
9319	We have construction in the area,” said Mueller.
9320	We have foiled them, in the blueberries, with some pricey netting designed to keep birds out of cherry trees but I have 30 tomato plants and I simply can’t afford enough netting to cover all of them.
9321	“We have had an amazing response in Mzuzu and the turnout was so wonderful.
9322	We have huge money to develop this state.
9323	We have identified the owner of the red pickup truck circulated on social media as being the possible suspect vehicle.
9324	“We have looked at the older population in the context of healthy… and we know this group has a lot of issues and unmet needs,” company vice president Babak Parviz explained at an event last month hosted by Klick Health.
9325	“We haven’t had people attacked, but in the last three or four years, we’ve seen some bizarre behavior in the courtroom,” said Goelz, a judge for more than 28 years.
9326	We have one like that in our senior complex.
9327	“We have reached an agreement with Duke Udi.
9328	“We have seen an increase in the number and severity of violent acts over the last year and a half,” Judge Caswell said.
9329	"We have some children who can sing, we have some dancers, we have some boys who play the drums.
9330	We have some of the best services outside of London,” she says.
9331	We have strong partnerships with both Sonicwall and Palo Alto Networks.
9332	We have terrorists.
9333	'We have that opportunity every day,' he said.
9334	We have the cover here,” Fallon says to Elba.
9335	“We have the opportunity of getting in that experience and seeing what it is like doing a realistic scenario.”
9336	"We have to basically start with a clean sheet and say, 'What can we do better to make sure that we get the correct background info necessary to certify that someone should be working within our community and in the government?'
9337	"We have to cool the situation down because we cannot clarify that situation tonight and it's not our job.
9338	“We have to put better controls because it got a little bit out of hand,” Trump said.
9339	We have to recognize that it’s not politics as normal.
9340	“We have to stick together and focus.
9341	“We have to understand that climatic change is not a word, it’s a reality.”
9342	We headed east a little later then we wanted but made it out.
9343	We hear them talking about who can and cannot run, the schools etc. That’s all we are hearing about as if everything else is fine and dandy.
9344	We hear you, and we’ve got some suggestions that fit the bill.
9345	"We honor their sacrifice by pledging to never flinch in the face of evil and to do whatever it takes to keep America safe."
9346	We hope that by some small…make that large…miracle, he somehow manages to slide into his cock-pink pants and dance himself back home to face this different form of music he has created for himself.
9347	We hope that Disney doesn’t lose its social media magic as a result.
9348	"We hope there will be more opportunities for us to meet, and we will be looking forward to and working hard for that day."
9349	"We in North Carolina have been through tough storms and this one is sure testing us," North Carolina Gov. said at a news conference late Saturday morning.
9350	“We, instead, asked for the grace from God to continue in the music ministry and I thank God that my latest project called Zvakakwana Zvawakandiita, a seven-track album, is being accepted well in the market.
9351	"We, just in this case, were interested in measuring volume of the interaction."
9352	We just need a little more discipline going forward.
9353	We just trusted them and purchased the house.”
9354	”We kind of had two similar seasons in a row.
9355	“We knew it was going to be a battle with the two Jeffersonville kids (Allen Pettis and Jonathan Beemer) and O’Banion.
9356	“We knew the one Instagram page that my son followed but we didn’t know the other multiple pages he had where he was putting up all of those pictures,” said Snead.
9357	'We knew they were having some problems about two years into the marriage but didn't really know the full extent of what was going on.
9358	"We know our killers but they are not arrested or invited for interrogation; they have stated at several fora that they would reclaim their land."
9359	We know our stadium the best and we feel comfortable playing here.“
9360	We know that most car trips in the U.S. are actually quite short and could be done by walking or biking — if the streets weren’t so intimidating for people outside of cars.
9361	We know that’s how 50 NFL insiders ranked it.
9362	We know this new facility will provide people with compassionate care during a difficult time.”
9363	We know whaling isn’t just a hobby.
9364	Welch talked about the road that brought him to the teaching profession.
9365	Welcome to Carpe Librum, encore’s biweekly book column, wherein I will dissect a current title and/or an old book—because literature does not exist in a vacuum but emerges to participate in a larger, cultural conversation.
9366	Welcome to exclusive live coverage of NXT TakeOver: Phildelphia on ProWrestling.com! Tonight’s should be a crazy night as NXT always shows up on big shows like this.
9367	We'll be in Bruce, Pittsboro, Calhoun City, Derma and Vardaman with full reports in tomorrow's CCJ.
9368	We’ll be watching — our eyes filled with pride!
9369	We’ll email you the first briefing on Monday, 24 September.
9370	Well, England's already well ahead of us in setting up knife "disposal" bins and suggesting bans on anything that hasn't had the tip ground to a dull radius, bans on types of knives, etc.
9371	We’ll have to wait until this weekend to see if Netflix’s latest show is worth eight 30-minute episodes or if its just another series trying to exploit complicated trends in teenaged life for a potential hit.
9372	Well, if I ever posed in the full monty, all hetero women in the world would never be addicted to porn again and porn addiction is a disease so there you go.
9373	Well, keeping up with his promise, the Baadshah took to Twitter at exactly 5 pm to reveal the title of his next movie with director Anand L Rai.
9374	Wellll, LOL, sipping my red wine, Fraser and his crew decide to test the water to see if it was hot,warm or cold.
9375	“We’ll never reach a stage where we can pinpoint that the decolonization process is complete.
9376	Well of course it does.
9377	“We’ll see where that goes.
9378	"Well, they have all kinds of pressure," Raiders coach said of the Broncos.
9379	Well things are so crook, even those among us totally unfit for public office have to step up.
9380	Well worth a couple of splendid hours of your lives – and your contribution to ‘world peace’!
9381	Well, you know, Ta-Nehisi Coates is the one who recently.
9382	We look at the reasons why.
9383	We look forward to seeing what projects come forward in the next round of applications.
9384	We look forward to the implementation of the project, as well as future joint partnerships with LRNRD and NDNR to maximize water supplies in the Republican River Basin.”
9385	"We lost 80,000 people last year to the flu."
9386	We lost focus when we began to worry about the referee’s calls and how our opponents were playing.
9387	We made that video because we thought it was kind of the perfect mix of the sporty and pretty and it was kind of funny, too.
9388	We may not be making PCBs anymore, but the chemicals are still killing killer whales.
9389	We met at a pub to discuss the drinks and sound system, and got on very well.
9390	“We met with the officer in charge of the school and we are preparing to send him to court to serve as a deterrent.
9391	We must stamp this out from our party and movement.
9392	We need that against South Africa, definitely.”
9393	We need this to be a crusade and have some kind of good come out of this tragedy, right Savannah?
9394	We need to be constantly engaged in a constructive dialogue in order to maintain common understanding on the challenges and opportunities before us.
9395	We need to engage people that understand this and can keep it highly confidential (at least in the early stages).
9396	“We need to highlight the talent we have in Nelson Mandela Bay,” she said.
9397	We need to keep improving.
9398	We need to move ahead,” said Khan in a televised speech from Islamabad.
9399	"We need to value natural darkness as much as we value natural or artificial light"
9400	“We never present him as anything other than what he is: a robotic seal,” Martyn says.
9401	Wenger today returned to France on business but is due to head back to London Colney later this week to clear his personal effects from the club’s training ground.
9402	“We noticed there wasn’t a skate shop in the city of Rialto and wanted to serve the skate culture.
9403	“We now have a production well, ready to go with proven capability for project requirements and with performance and gas composition entirely in line with project expectations,” Cooper managing director David Maxwell said Monday.
9404	Went to get something out of it only to see the doors standing open and someone running away.
9405	Wentz suffered a torn ACL during the Philadelphia Eagles’ win over the Los Angeles Rams in Week 14. Foles took over from there and has gone 4-1 as the team’s starter, including two playoff wins.
9406	We order from Grubhub”
9407	We play and sing sparsely and focus on the atmosphere coming together.”
9408	We played three quarterbacks last year.
9409	“We practice at least once a week, but it’s usually more like twice a week.
9410	“We ran about the same speed as last year, but we were running a bit more conservative this year, so that is a good sign,” Shane said.
9411	“We’re also ensuring that pavement markings, signage, and the warning devices are visible.
9412	“We’re always open to outside help, no matter what time of year it happens to be,’’ Cashman said.
9413	We're back to asking, what is the end game of all these scooters and "mobility options"?
9414	“We’re encouraging everyone to question their use of plastic, especially single use.
9415	We're getting mutant animals terrorizing a city, a historical sports drama, an animated feature, and a horror film.
9416	“We’re going to have to be able to handle explosive speed,” Lambert said of the Indians’ looming matchup with the Highlanders.
9417	“We’re going to work through it together and consult with each other, talk with each other, lean on each other, be with each other,” Canada said.
9418	“We’re going to work with the Medical College of Georgia to offer some awareness events in each one of our developments as well as one here for our employees,” Oldfield said.
9419	We're heading back to a bygone era for one of the most iconic celebrity/royal marriages of all time.
9420	We’re just kind of kindred spirits in that sense.”
9421	“We’re not going to let them violate a nuclear agreement,” Trump said Saturday after a campaign rally in Elko, Nev. “We’re going to terminate the agreement.”
9422	“We’re not here to teach kids what to think, but how to think,” says Freedom School lead organizer Senait Brown, 33.
9423	We’re not looking at people as just their injury.
9424	"We're on track to have our interim assessment June 1. We will provide our report to Congress in August, and the Air Force has been very, very responsive," he said.
9425	“We’re planning on hopefully moving together to get all members the locality pay,” said Rhonda Johnson, SEIU 925 chapter vice president and an infant-care specialist at the UW Medical Center.
9426	“We’re proud to have Barry as a member of our team here at Savings Institute Bank & Trust,” CEO and President Rheo Brouillard said in a statement.
9427	"We're sharing this information because we want to not only insure our customers' cars, but also protect their lives," added Bloom.
9428	“We’re starting to look at people as Democrat or Republican, black or white.
9429	We’re still arresting people for weed?
9430	Were they riding a turtle?
9431	We’re trying to tip pucks into zones when they’ve already pulled back,” Hitchcock said.
9432	We’re very different.
9433	“We’re well ahead of where we could be,” said district superintendent Barbara Wayland.
9434	Were you aware that the Swiss National Bank owns substantial shares of Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Microsoft?
9435	We saw how theology itself has added to these distortions.
9436	We saw parity come up before when we explored the Billiard Ball problem, and its a surprisingly useful tool for solving all kinds of puzzles.
9437	“We scored a second goal, in my opinion, but talking about the ref is not my way and I don’t look for excuses.
9438	"We see a clear pattern of Donald Trump turning against his allies," says a close student of Trump foreign policy, Tom Wright, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington.
9439	"We see a lifeline and you see a golden goose," he said.
9440	“We see her shift in that way, and nobody else transforms as she does.”
9441	“We see the same people once a year and we’re a team,” said Briskin, 79, who may not work at the tournament next year.
9442	We set computers aside when we don’t need them anymore, toss toner cartridges into the trash and use more than 90 million tons of paper every single year at U.S. businesses alone.
9443	“We set up The Cicada Foundation as a charity to empower all communities across St. Vincent and the Grenadines and to enable individuals, especially children, to be at their best and give their best.
9444	“We should be looking after our kids and we should be part of a bigger solution,” the 50-year-old told The Canadian Press.
9445	We should listen to the officers bearing combat duty and monitor the real tasks, "Grigoryan said.
9446	We should note that former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney may not have been a socialist, but she was an outspoken radical and the Democrats made sure they got rid of her from their party.
9447	We should seek for them instead of combing the European countries for players.
9448	“We specialize in sending plant gifts, so people are sending these as presents to friends and family or to chefs.”
9449	We spoke to OnePlus founder and CEO Pete Lau about his new product, his visions and challenges.
9450	We started with the clothes and she was quite fashion conscious and chic.
9451	West Central Railways has already done a trial-run of those cameras last week on its all the three divisions Jabalpur Division, Bhopal Division and Kota Division.
9452	West Hawai‘i residents interested in earning a college degree online from a University of Hawai‘i campus can get the inside scoop from successful alumni during a workshop later this month.
9453	West Hollywood City votes to remove Trump’s Walk of Fame star; Twitterati say ‘horcrux destroyed’
9454	We still had a couple areas we wanted to improve on, but overall we did really well in the first half.”
9455	“We still have to be looking at how we train our young people and reskill workers so they are ready to move into new roles that technology like AI will create.”
9456	West Indies would have been thankful to get past 39, the lowest T20I total ever, but there was no denying the innings was headed towards an early finish.
9457	Westosha Central placed sixth at 132 points.
9458	West’s comments about slavery being a “choice,” therefore, need to be contextualized in a wider matrix: the idea that slavery was not or that significant, and that its brutality was not sufficient in scale to, say, launch a catastrophic war.
9459	West wore a hoodie during his visit.
9460	We take security very seriously and an investigation into what happened is already under way.”
9461	We take them to these things together — pick them up together.
9462	“We talk to him every day, and he seems to be doing really, really well, so that’s really good.
9463	“We tend to get a lot of marsupials – kangaroos, wallabies, wombats and some bats,” said Emma.
9464	We, the BJP cadre, have traversed a long way during the past four years.
9465	We therefore declare a yebo filled 2019 with yes in every area of our needs.
9466	We think her actor’s outfit was definitely interesting, but we wish she had styled it better as the ill-fitting apparel did not do full justice to the actor’s look.
9467	“We think it’s good for the market to have choice,” said Medica Vice President of Individual and Family Business Geoff Bartsh in an email to The Gazette Thursday.
9468	“We think it’s terrific and the more people that are voting the better and we feel really good about it,”
9469	“We think the economic outlook for the next 18 months is still very strong and a lot of that is due to the fiscal stimulus” of the Republican-led tax cuts, he said.
9470	“We think these bullshit behaviour-change technologies almost always have the feature of thinking human beings would just ‘be happier’ if we were more predictable.
9471	“We thought that, coming out of the decline of the timber industry, the truffles were a unique product that could help to shine the spotlight on Manjimup and showcase the plethora of agricultural products that are found in the region,” Mr Beissel said.
9472	We told our brothers and sisters in Magoye of Southern Zambia today and that no Zambian must idle when things are going wrong in our country.
9473	“We took a ride on the boat.
9474	'We took him to our local vet Cleveland Park Animal Clinic.
9475	“We trust companies with our personal details, and for them to be used in this way is unacceptable.”
9476	“We understand that ensuring consistency in the application of the laws we administer assist in facilitating the competitiveness of businesses in the federation by providing a level playing field.
9477	We urge Democratic Services Committees to take steps to encourage and facilitate greater use of this element of our Framework so that members concerned are not financially disadvantaged.”
9478	“We used the pilot data on the effectiveness and feasibility of the intervention to secure a three-year extramural award to evaluate the impact of this intervention in a multi-site randomized, controlled trial,” Cox says.
9479	We've all benefitted from globalization, in many ways, but it also is a doubleedged sword, because people seem to have lost their identity, and a feeling of belonging.
9480	“We’ve been after them for years but we’re gonna get ‘em.”
9481	We’ve been trying independently to reach out to anyone who remembers attending parties with Julie Swetnick and Brett Kavanaugh.
9482	“We’ve been working with the current farmers’ market to try to have that increase and it hasn’t worked out at this point,” Iwanchuk told Global News on Wednesday morning.
9483	We’ve discussed these issues with Valve and will continue to work with them to help bring the Steam experience to iOS and AppleTV in a way that complies with the store’s guidelines.
9484	“We’ve done the best we can in the short term to come up with tables that accurately reflect the tax liability of individual taxpayers.
9485	“We’ve gone through very difficult adjustments but we are seeing that the macroeconomic fundamentals are much more positive and the outlook is that they will remain positive.
9486	“We’ve got some clouds on the horizon, vis a vis a trade skirmish, or potentially a trade war with China.
9487	We've had that discussion about school funding.
9488	“We’ve had this discussion before: ‘I work in town, I want my child at Houghtaling close by.’
9489	We’ve hung out when he’s played in the Chicago area, from the Hammond Horseshoe to Thalia Hall.
9490	We’ve lived through a fuel scarcity and an endless January.
9491	"We've seen the apology tours before," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut.
9492	“We’ve taken care of (issues) in the interior of the building, but the exterior of the windows need razor blades to remove calking and (other debris),” Shuff pointed out.
9493	We walked for at least four hours and the people we passed supported us along the way.
9494	“We want to keep going,” said Leon Goretzka, now a firm fixture in central midfield alongside Joshua Kimmich with Bayern having won their last three games after Saturday’s 3-0 league home win over Nuremberg.
9495	“We want to regulate this industry.
9496	"We want to take our country to the techno-level, its beyond Zanu-PF, Mnangagwa and Chiwenga."
9497	“We went to city council and got the night time tethering ban,” said Brown.
9498	We went to this same military school, we relate even more than other friends.
9499	“We were barely in the store and (Trace) kicked him in his back,” Whitaker says.
9500	“We were good for about 12 minutes,” said LCCC coach Doug Stotler, whose team had played toe-to-toe with Logan Dec. 2 in a 104-102 overtime loss in Godfrey.
9501	We were just prepared for it.
9502	“We were mindful of the additional pain these families would suffer if they were forced to go to trial and be required to testify about what the defendant had done to them.”
9503	“We were playing with the pressure of having to win.
9504	“We were together so long, so I think he knows more about me and what I did in football,” Beathard said of Gibbs, via the Hall of Fame.
9505	We were very certain we could get a tender back within that $2.5 million range, but we were hit with the 20 per cent increase with the steel tariff that we were told by the contractor they could not avoid putting on the building.”
9506	"We wholeheartedly support the victim," she said.
9507	We will continue to have these events all over the country.
9508	“We will continue to rely on our partners to deliver excellent customer experiences as we address this growth with our ambitious multi-billion-dollar construction program to build the airport of the future.”
9509	“We will continue to utilize long-established prosecutorial priorities to carry out our mission to combat violent crime, disrupt and dismantle transnational criminal organizations and stem the rising tide of the drug crisis.”
9510	We will continue to work with the school and Superintendent Jennifer McCormick to do everything possible to assist the community and support all those impacted by this terrible unfolding situation.”
9511	"We will cut it down to three this week, or maybe one."
9512	We will fear violating the sacred space within which intimacy occurs.
9513	"We will have more gay events and Venice Pride events."
9514	We will have to look at the big picture based on what both of them have stated, and then come to a view,” said the official who did not wish to be identified.
9515	We will not go back unless our demands are not included in the agreement,” Gobinda Reang from Ashapara refugee camp said.
9516	We will select our winner on March 12th!
9517	“We will treat the playoff season like we have all regular season.
9518	We wonder why Gomez is so determined to bid the 1.56-acre Montserrat estate farewell; she previously called it her “dream house.”
9519	“We won’t allow that to happen again and I will recommend that we campaign on that.
9520	We would be teased with full-page newspaper ads and flashy television commercials, and almost all of the American cars were debuted at about the same time.
9521	"We would go to Borderline together.
9522	We would say, ‘Are we going to get away with this?”
9523	W has been the topic of a number of analyst reports.
9524	What a bizarre, silly and completely unenforceable rule."
9525	What about times when you want your WiFi to extend to the boundaries of your property and not just be limited to your home?
9526	What allowed many to go to the lions or the stake or their own cross with peace?
9527	What appeared to be SWAT team members entered the YouTube building with guns drawn and quarantined the area.
9528	What are all those blue and red marks?
9529	What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types, application and regions of Sodium Propionate?
9530	What are their dreams?
9531	What are their needs, desires and challenges?
9532	“What are you integrating, if you don’t include this?
9533	What are your thoughts about access to that in the state?
9534	What did he have?
9535	What difference does it make to run with Skelton.
9536	What does it mean that our brains do not make new brain cells beyond age 13?
9537	What does it mean that you had them in your scope or you were looking at them?
9538	What does it mean to be educated in mind and heart, to be brought to wholeness?
9539	What do we actually have in common with them that we could say points to a common Celtic identity?
9540	What drove the Toronto shooter to unleash violence on the Danforth?
9541	What else other than the CRAZY MTN!
9542	Whatever decision is made by WPIAL, Lincoln says Connellsville will suffer.
9543	Whatever may be happening behind the scenes, a complex system of public signalling is under way between Saudi Arabia and Israel.
9544	What happened to WWE?
9545	What happens if GWU finds the death count is closer to 1,000 or 1,500, as other studies have estimated?
9546	What he’s done at Newcastle is probably more impressive than what he did at Leicester.
9547	What I found, however, was plenty of budget options so long as you do a little searching.
9548	What if the people don’t get on with each other?
9549	What if they watch football games in the room, yelling at the screen all the while?
9550	What is also different is the message and mission of the Bolton visit.
9551	What is also important is the consumers’ pivot to online shopping.
9552	What is your assessment of the party in the state?
9553	What its fliers don’t say is that the EDF has possible political motivations for wanting certain candidates on the CAWCD board.
9554	“What I want to do is focus on the stealth tax increase, as well,” said Kobach.
9555	“What kind of agenda are they trying to force down our throats?” demanded Kyle Milton, a 53-year-old boat salesman and avid CBC.ca comments section poster.
9556	What kind of disorder is it?”
9557	What made you decide to show Eko's works in your gallery in Berlin — now already for the second time?
9558	What makes him pick movies with a strong message?
9559	What makes you feel beautiful?
9560	What Mata said is this: If the body camera is on and the person being questioned is handcuffed, there’s way less room for miscommunication.
9561	WhatsApp has now offered $50,000 (£37,800) to anyone who can help stop the spread of fake news on its platform following the lynchings.
9562	What’s going on Monday (Martin Luther King Jr. Day)?
9563	What should we expect when the campaign gets underway on Sunday in Indianapolis?
9564	What’s more, Canada is the only major trading partner that buys more manufactured goods from the U.S. than it sells — a figure that should matter to White House’s “America First” agenda to protect factory jobs, Mendes adds.
9565	“What’s more important is the quality of kids we were able to get, both academically and athletically.”
9566	What’s more is that asserts, “Neither Jen or Brad have responded to ’s report.”
9567	What’s more, partners, shareholders and customers now seek to hold corporate leaders ultimately responsible, and that sentiment is only heightened internally within organizations.
9568	What's their overall strategic goal?
9569	What’s the most pain you’ve ever felt?
9570	What’s your analysis of the new ministers?
9571	What the candidates experienced during their brief time on the streets of Thimphu highlights the plight of the thousands of residents who endure the stray dog menace in the capital everyday.
9572	“What the PM has said very clearly is that we have now made our move and it’s now for the EU to make its move,” the PM’s spokesman added.
9573	What these means is that these television sets will rely on algorithms driven by artificial intelligence to upscale 4K or even full HD content to 8K-like resolutions.
9574	"What the show is all about is showing our beautiful wildlife, crocodiles, koalas, the more exoctic animals … you get to see what happens when we introduce new animals into the zoo and how they integrate.
9575	What the team doesn’t know for certain is who will be backing them up for the 2018 campaign.
9576	“What the three of them did was to send officers who had political exposure away, but they did not reform the military.
9577	What this means to the average man on the street is that there are no jobs.
9578	“What we prefer basically is for the logo to have Sarawak flag colours, and very much identify Sarawak.
9579	What will you be doing for New Year’s?
9580	What with the lining of pockets, politician promises of job growth and an unwavering disregard for environmental safety, Pennsylvania farked itself and its citizens.
9581	What would look grand and exciting in another movie ends looking grim and upsetting when you shoot it from the view of a human being actually caught up in the mess.
9582	Wheeler’s stout performance was nearly overshadowed by the Marlins rookie starter Jarlin Garcia, who held the Mets hitless through six innings.
9583	When a former ANC president decides not to the leave the highest office, he is not breaking the law.
9584	When a hurricane ruins Evan Hasara’s Caribbean honeymoon, he’s stuck with a $200 airline penalty after changing his ticket.
9585	When asked as to how much of a challenge the unity government initiated by him has proven to be in pushing reform, he said that unity governments with the two major parties are always a challenge.
9586	When asked when he might return to the lineup, Deslauriers said: “They’ve kept me in shape.
9587	When a soothsayer tells them the next big thing in theater is a show with singing, dancing and acting, the brothers set out to write the world’s first musical.
9588	When Beyoncé did this, it was for “Formation,” “Sorry,” “Hold Up,” and “6 Inch.”
9589	When Colorado legalized recreational cannabis, it took three years for supply to finally catch up to demand, and Canada could expect a similar delay, said Wyonch.
9590	When Denning is not touring, he is in the studio working on his debut album.
9591	When deputies arrived at the home Tarango had departed but Sgt. Benson says by later that day they had arranged a meeting with him, during which he admitted to going to the residence after being told to stay away.
9592	Whenever a conservative is nominated for anything, the chirping begins — that thus and such nominee is hostile to civil rights, voting rights, minorities, and on and on.
9593	Whenever I worry that I’m a nervous wreck, I look over to Maddie and I’m like, okay I’m not that much of a nervous wreck, look at this gal here!
9594	“Whenever we don’t take anything for granted and we’re playing with a purpose there’s no doubt that we’re a lot better team, but we’ve definitely got to play with a purpose in mind.”
9595	“Whenever you see this kind of scope, whenever you see this kind of pervasive culture that was allowed to exist, you have to wonder how far up the chain this goes,” Shapiro said at the state police barracks in Dunmore.
9596	When fans of other teams step into Ravens territory, there are many sanctuaries where they can feel welcome and enjoy the game.
9597	When he demanded cash, the woman handed over $500, police said.
9598	When I first saw this picture of the 1960 Mercedes-Benz W118 prototype, my first thought was how…
9599	When I got a job to pass out indigent supplies to the other lockdown units, I was elated to be out of my cell.
9600	When I got home, I did not sleep in my bed for 3 weeks.
9601	“When I heard about the Capital shooting on the news, I told my wife, ‘it’s Ramos,” said Brennan McCarthy, a lawyer in Annapolis, Maryland, who represented a woman whom Ramos was convicted of harassing in 2011.
9602	When I met Ms. Peniche’s husband, the local historian Alejandro MacGregor Gonzalez, he told me, “contraband was this city’s glory!”
9603	“When I met them, their locks were just past their ears.”
9604	When in doubt, it is important to speak with a doctor.
9605	When initially discussing a story almost two years back, Liddell mostly talked about that studio work.
9606	When I returned to the game—and both the DLC—I expected to see these sorts of changes, like new Crucible modes or weapon systems that encouraged me to dive into side activities.
9607	When it comes to talking about my father, who died four months ago tomorrow, I feel I am still winding up.
9608	When it comes to Trump, Democrats’ candidates don’t have to talk about him, Podlodowski said.
9609	“When I was reading Joyce, I feel like I was writing like Joyce, or trying to.
9610	“When I was waiting to play out of the bunker at 18, I looked at the leaderboard on the big screen and I saw my name was under Charl’s,” he said.
9611	When Jen Gagnon found herself on the streets of Montreal as a 15-year-old, she said Pops was accepting and non-judgmental.
9612	When L.L. Bean announced its revised its returns policy, confusion abounded about what it would mean for older purchases.
9613	When Morris couldn’t be around, his uncle, Brad Walter — the current assistant and former head coach of the program — took the reins.
9614	When Noel explained to Rahul that he’d annoyed the judge by being too perfect, the baker quickly apologised, and the nation fell in love a little bit more.
9615	When no party has majority, the single largest party has the right to form the government, which was the BJP in Karnataka.
9616	When officers entered his motel room, the room appears trashed and Daniels can be seen holding something behind his back.
9617	“When one asks for five subjects generally we make assumptions that they can read, they can understand and we know sometimes that those assumptions do not come true,” Cumberbatch said.
9618	When out in the community, or in one of the neighboring cities, Mr. Murphy advised residents to not engage in conversations with strangers and do not talk on phone while walking.
9619	When Pearl Harbor was attacked, there was so much collective anxiety in our country that finding a scapegoat was a natural outcome.
9620	When police closed in, he ran out onto the sidewalk firing and police fatally shot him.
9621	When ready, he drops it in melted butter on a hot pan and turns it continuously for uniform cooking.
9622	When Ryan asked why no one read the contract, Holland responded, “We put all the extra money (into improvements) because it’s what has to be done.”
9623	When safety Eric Reid took a knee, Pence left — and made sure to let the world know how offended he wasstunt was planned in advance, and news that it cost taxpayers more than a quarter of a million dollars became the main story.
9624	“When she got to the airport, she got the message that King had died,” Clayton said.
9625	When she learned I had recently lost my grandson she called me.
9626	"When she said I would ring her every day, I would ring to wake her up for work - we had a joke that she had a personal alarm clock.
9627	When six people wrote their name beneath a particular work, Ms. Haeger would roll a die to determine which name—one through six—would walk away with the art.
9628	When taps were turned throughout the food business the human excrement was observed bubbling up through the toilet bowl,” the order reads.
9629	When that grace period was up for the Newman’s Own Foundation in 2008, it received a five-year extension from the Internal Revenue Service.
9630	When the Cavaliers turned their Eastern Conference finals series with Boston around after falling into a 2-0 hole, it started in Game 3 with Cleveland’s 17 3-pointers at home in that must-win game.
9631	When the episodes were aired again in October 2017 which was the 50th anniversary of the Mwanza War commemorating the death of Yatuta Chisiza and Lutengano Mwahimba, people started asking for video documentaries.
9632	When the first scenes came up, and I saw 'Sambisa Forest' I was unhappy that the only reference the filmmakers could have for Nigeria was a negative one, but I was later encouraged by the thought of Africans solving African problems.
9633	When the game started up, it felt like coming home and memories came flooding back.
9634	“When the laws are there, enforcement comes in and definitely the problems will be solved,’’ Akinlaja said.
9635	When the music hit, a collective groan was given as, presumably, one of the El Matadores was going to come down.
9636	When the pair decided to form a partnership, the original plan was to open the new brick-and-mortar location around the same time Birdboy opened its taproom in Roanoke in late December.
9637	When the Ravens put guard physically unable to perform list to open training camp, the assumption was that his fractured ankle from last season was the reason.
9638	When the train stopped in Brockton, the man ran off of it without paying.
9639	When the trooper asked if Colston was a police officer, he said he was.
9640	“When they arrived home the man reportedly left to buy a cigarette and when he returned he demanded sex, which the victim refused.
9641	When they first opened, the menus were written in calligraphy on wicker fans.
9642	When they looked up, they saw the stone had been rolled back, and they were amazed.”
9643	When they made films for other producers, they would shoot in fairly good locations and the overall quality of the films was better.
9644	When they reached Duke Street, two double lines of police drew their batons and laid into the marchers.
9645	When things happen, I have the ability to step outside myself and see what is going on, and then I know how to react.
9646	When Trump defeats Clinton in the November 8 election, both are deeply upset.
9647	When we get the Bayantel frequencies we have to distribute it … not only to the three telcos but other who would be interested,” Rio added.
9648	“When we look at the leadership within our district, our longest serving employee has been there for 19 years,” Juntunen said, adding she’s their most senior English teacher with just 11 years of teaching experience.
9649	When we re-entered, my father’s face was still looking at where I had been sitting.
9650	When will they see a chance at a title picture?
9651	When you add the two starters they got now and the two first round picks they get later we could look back and say they got four starters, three of which are Canadian, in a deal for Manziel, who could be out of the league in 18 months.
9652	When you die all your shiat becomes up for grabs and listed as part of the court proceedings to close out the estate.
9653	When you have a 35 year business relationship with someone, I think there’s a very, very big lesson to be learned in why these relationships go wrong.
9654	“When you’re surrounded by your peers, you live in a bubble.
9655	Where all cops are all model T-101 Terminator units set to "black guy" but child molesters get the benefit of the doubt.
9656	Where are we a year later?
9657	Where Do Most People Shop Online?
9658	Where he will get that money is a mystery in light of increasing government deficits.
9659	Where I really have the advantage is only for a very short amount of time, four or five seconds of the race.
9660	Where there are rich people, there are ways of robbing them of their money.
9661	“Where they call Leilani Estates, and a small town of Pahoa, which we spent a lot of time at when we were there with the Peace Corps.”
9662	Where will an isolated UK be when the giants clash?
9663	Whether for returns sales or spending gift cards, stores filled up early with post-holiday shoppers.
9664	Whether this means changing policies in certain states, cracking down on the use of straw purchases, or improving the quality of mental health in America, the stereotype of gun violence must come to a halt.
9665	Whether this means that will actually move to production someday remains to be seen, but in the meantime, the story is still being hashed out, so ideally we'll be updated on its progress again sooner rather than later.
9666	Whether you know him as Lawrence, Larry, L, or Lo – we can all agree that the bravery and strength of this man is unmatched,” the family wrote in a statement on the site.
9667	Whether you’re going for the music, wellness classes, yoga, art or to simply go camping and meet new people, there’s so much this event has to offer to ticket holders.
9668	Which may take 2 more days.
9669	Which means, U.S. energy efficiency is going in the opposite direction… getting worse, not better.
9670	While admitting that scrapping of subsidy by the Centre could drive Haj hopefuls to private tour operators, he maintained that the the State Haj Committee will continue to be their first priority.
9671	While baby Jasen won’t remember the experience, Roberts said “it’s gonna be a fun story to tell him.”
9672	While celebrating pakora-sellers can be read as an attempt to palm off the burden of job-creation to the small entrepreneur, it is surprising that the choice of the pakora itself has not drawn politically correct criticism.
9673	While commiserating with the family of the late Reverend, the President prayed that almighty God would comfort all those who mourned the departed, and grant his soul eternal rest.
9674	While Davis’ eighth-inning single will be remembered as the game winner, Terrace Coach Shannon Rasmussen pointed to a sloppy third-inning performance by her Hawks as the deciding factor in the tilt.
9675	While fans are hopeful that Marvel's Netflix heroes could live on elsewhere, an industry expert believes that Marvel Studios will ultimately reboot characters like Daredevil, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist.
9676	While her music is keeping Ora busy, the sexy lady is keen on taking up an acting job ever since she faced the camera for the Fifty Shade trilogy.
9677	While he’s anxious about her delivery, once she starts going into labor, he’s going to be completely devoted to making the process as easy as possible for Khloe (whose has been on point throughout her pregnancy).
9678	While hitters often need several years in the big leagues to refine their plate approach and hit their peak, pitchers arrive in the Show facing an immediate headwind.
9679	While in most areas of Japan the event takes place in August—the seventh month based on the lunar calendar—in Tokyo and elsewhere it lands in July, as is the case at the SLC event hosted by the Salt Lake Buddhist Temple.
9680	While is not overly technical, there are plenty of intricacies to unearth that justify numerously repeated spins—despite the unapologetic abrasiveness.
9681	“While it might feel like the end of the world at the moment, clear heads and a pragmatic approach are required to make the right decisions for the future,” she said.
9682	While living in Lee’s Summit, she was a member of St. Anne’s Episcopal Church, and, more recently, attended Summit Woods Baptist Church with her daughter.
9683	While meeting with Fijian Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Voreqe Bainimarama, Mr Wang said China-Fiji friendship has withstood the test of changes in the international arena.
9684	While Netanyahu's Likud party is doing well in the polls, he is coming under pressure from religious parties.
9685	While no new ice cream will be produced during this time, the Aggie Creamery will remain open and continue to conduct business as usual.
9686	While no resistance was seen in the 48-week trials, there was a case in an earlier study, although GSK believes this was likely down to failure to take the drugs properly.
9687	While not exactly breaking news, this update is certainly going to be exciting for fans out there.
9688	“While on paper the assets should be attractive, a lack of bidders could drive a relatively lower valuation,” Doug Creutz, an analyst at Cowen and Company, wrote in a July 19 report.
9689	While on tour in the United States, Massi spoke to NPR’s Ari Shapiro from in Seattle and performed three of her most powerful songs.
9690	While operating with more speed and freedom has its advantages, failure to holistically inject those digital capabilities and drive the transformation into the rest of the business wastes valuable money and resources.
9691	While reliable profitability growth can be a challenge for airlines thanks to factors such as oil-price swings, Southwest’s EPS have climbed – well, soared – every year since 2012.
9692	While Reynolds says the report neither supports or opposes the initiative, the bulk of its findings appear to find fault with the proposal.
9693	“While services has become very important economic driver in the last 10 to 20 years, industries has been fast catching up,” he added.
9694	While she had made an earlier statement that Boulton should end his campaign, candidate Cathy Glasson kept her statements on the issue short.
9695	While the ads the Coalition is targeting are certainly annoying, they make up only a portion of the ads you see across the internet each day.
9696	While the BJP charged that the papers were fake certificates faxed from Delhi, the Returning Officer held that the clearance of dues was in any case not needed.
9697	While the brain is known to have some capacity to regenerate new myelin during the early stages of multiple sclerosis, this innate repair process is overwhelmed as the disease progresses.
9698	While the bylaw was passed, Council chose to again table a decision on appointing members of council to the CUI Rate Application committee.
9699	While the Democratic leadership in the state House and Senate will continue to be held exclusively by white males next year, Kushner said “I believe you will see women take responsibility for major pieces of legislation.”
9700	While their annual budget is $1.2 million, they annually have a six-figure deficit which currently is at $135,000.
9701	While the overall growth environment is expected to improve somewhat, with regional GDP growth (excluding Venezuela) accelerating to 2.1% in 2019 versus an estimated 1.5% this year, downside risks persist.
9702	While the prosecution has built a solid case, Manafort’s lawyers appeared to have raised some doubts about the testimony of Gates and other witnesses, Wu said.
9703	While there are are 10 seats reserved for SC candidates, we are going to field 11 SC candidates.
9704	While there, volunteers from the church help out by providing the families with meals and helping some of the children with their homework.
9705	While the screening only lasted for around two hours, the wholesome feeling of the “The Sandlot” lasted throughout being confronted with the boring, adult problem of how tonavigate the metro home.
9706	While the stock is not near an ideal entry right now, see if it goes on to form and break out from a proper chart pattern.
9707	While the US army and CIA are secretive about how they select targets – a process known as the kill chain – metadata plays a role.
9708	While the Vice President is double-tough and not to be messed with, perhaps his most important job is interpreting the bylaws of the charter.
9709	While they did not determine exactly how probiotics reduced preterm birth and preeclampsia, researchers believe that they may contribute to reduced inflammation in the body.
9710	While this number represents a decrease of 9.9 percent YOY, collective sales of CX-series crossovers are still up by 14.4 percent YTD.
9711	While Timothée Chalamet announced earlier this week he’s donating his entire salary from his upcoming Woody Allen movie to three charities that fight sexual abuse and harassment, including Time’s Up.
9712	“While we can hope there might be some cooler years to produce a few more males, overall we can expect the temperatures to increase,” he said.
9713	While White House trade policies are disrupting several global industries, defense industry ties across the Pacific are still booming.
9714	White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said the two leaders had discussed a bilateral meeting “at a number of potential venues, including the White House.”
9715	Whiteside blocked an NBA-best 3.7 shots per game two seasons ago; he’s averaging 1.7 a contest this season.
9716	Who chose that number?
9717	Who could live like that?
9718	Who Is Lying Behind The Ebola Scene?
9719	Who is Russell Brand's wife Laura Gallacher?
9720	Who Is Stormzy?
9721	Who is the one who’s invented the computer science?
9722	Who should get war chest?
9723	Who will folks pick as their fave?
9724	Who Would Have Imagined This?
9725	Why are so hard hearted and evil?
9726	Why are you feeling this emotion?
9727	Why being an Adult sucks – The Mesa PressThe independent student news site of San Diego Mesa College.
9728	Why buy it when you can build it yourself?
9729	Why does your face look like that?
9730	Why is there a political vacuum?
9731	Why is the shower running?
9732	WHY is this animal being released?
9733	“Why should the government decide about which airline people will travel for Haj pilgrimage?
9734	Why should we consider that a bad thing?
9735	Why should you buy this: The MSR Hubba Hubba NX uses a unique pole design and 30-denier nylon making it a durable and easy-pitch tent.
9736	Why those specific organizations?
9737	Why was she so desperate to pry out details about the death of his wife of 53 years?
9738	Why would a Christian want to dress up as something dark and scary?
9739	Why would anyone even seek to challenge the notion of “farmer terrorism”?
9740	Why would BB need to tape signals if he wasn’t using them in real time?
9741	Why wouldn't you just give it to the kids who needed it?
9742	Why would we want your worthless treasury bonds?”
9743	WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts says President Donald Trump’s unexpected announcement about tariffs on imported steel and aluminum “is not going to go down well in farm country.”
9744	Widespread media reports in Egypt on Monday suggested that severe delays in the progress of work have resulted in the decision to strip Cameroon of the right to host the competition.
9745	Wihioka, added that it behoves on him as a federal lawmaker representing Ikwerre/Emohua constituency to work with the security agencies to ensuring a lasting peace in the area.
9746	Wildcard, Manitoba and Nova Scotia all finished 9-2 in the Championship Pool followed by Northern Ontario at 8-3.
9747	Wildschutt and Du Toit were sentenced to 15 years imprisonment on POCA and other charges such as contravention of the Marine Living Resources Act 18/1998.
9748	Wilkinson says there are other ways government can help.
9749	Will Dissly is scheduled to go through on-field drills Saturday.
9750	Will & Grace star Debra Messing wrote that it was 'devastating' that the cast and crew had lost their jobs, calling the whole incident a 'tragedy.'
9751	Will Hillenbrand visited Jen Miller’s 1st grade class to teach her students how he writes and illustrates his famous children’s books.
9752	Will his administration match his intentions?”
9753	William Behrns, Loyola’s assistant athletic director for communications, is one of two staff members who have been assigned to sort the requests for time with Sister Jean since the Ramblers’ success thrust them — — onto the national stage last week.
9754	William Cuevas came out to start the fourth and gave up six runs on six hits and a walk while getting just one out.
9755	William Kahn, Decatur, the father of a Geneva man, May 16, 1925-Feb.
9756	Williams has some athletic ability, and some evaluators feel he should move inside to guard.
9757	Willis has invested a great deal of money into the home over the past 15 years, rebuilding the main house, adding a guest house and a gym, as well as streams and ponds to enhance the outdoors, not to mention paying years of property taxes.
9758	Will Rodger, director of policy communications for the Farm Bureau, says an overwhelming majority of farmers and farm workers surveyed said they have been impacted by opioid abuse.
9759	Will you coach this team much differently than you coach Hamline?
9760	Wilson, a right winger who plays on Washington’s top line with Alex Ovechkin, drew a 10-minute penalty for the hit on St. Louis Blues center Oskar Sundqvist in the second period of the teams’ exhibition game on Sunday.
9761	Wind is increasingly seen as a key natural resource in the Western Isles, with the potential to boost the economic future of the islands.
9762	Windows 10 S can also be used to deploy systems in kiosk mode and in limited-use needs.
9763	Wine lovers can enjoy a glass of Shack RedTM and Shack WhiteTM wine from the Gotham Project.
9764	Winnebago County ISU Extension and Outreach along with area businesses will sponsor the 12th Annual Family Fall Festival on Sunday, October 21st from 2pm to 4:30pm at the Winnebago County Fairgrounds.
9765	Winnemucca Futures 2018: Business Forum Charts the Year Ahead in Humboldt Co. Economy Panels and Networking with Industry Leaders and Decision Makers Jan.
9766	Winner has now been sentenced to a far longer prison sentence than anyone who has been indicted as part of the Russian interference investigation — all for attempting to alert the public about it.
9767	Winner of the 2017 Best of Las Vegas – Silver – Category Shopping/Best Place to Buy a Unique Gift.
9768	Winners led losers by 9-2 on the NYSE and by 7-5 on the Nasdaq.
9769	Winnie: We met in 2007 during high school drama festival competitions.
9770	“Winning these awards is further proof of our credit union’s commitment to delivering unique and innovative products and services to our membership, along with the unique Northern brand that we’ve been building throughout the years.”
9771	WINNIPEG — A Manitoba government backbencher who made inappropriate comments to female staff has been ousted from the Progressive Conservative caucus.
9772	Wirecutter, a New York Times company that reviews and recommends products, picked TurboTax as the best software for most people.
9773	WIRED's Andy Vandervell and Matt Reynolds sat down to grapple with the big mysteries that the season opener threw our way.
9774	Wireless Test Equipment Market is also used to test avionics and the electronic modules in automobiles.
9775	Wisdom, courage and intelligence are too long.
9776	Wishart had argued Bruce’s case should have been considered an exception to legal precedents.
9777	With 18 returning starters, it is easy to see why the Bearkats were selected as the favorites in the preseason poll to win the Southland Conference in 2018.
9778	With 81,000 light posts across the city, about one in 4,050 could fall unannounced.
9779	With a clutch of hits and a strong catalog of deep album cuts from which to choose, the band from Scotland was in great form.
9780	With a quick income based assessment, that’ll decide if you qualify.
9781	With both the Bisons and University of Saskatchewan Huskies advancing to the semifinals, Canada West was guaranteed at least one medal at the tournament.
9782	With Clyde declaring at 9/278, Pakenham managed to send a scare through the Clyde camp, but Noel O’Brien (6/65) ensured the Cougars walked away victorious.
9783	With configurable applications, it leads to the question of who is the best person or group to actually work on the teams that configure those solutions at the different layers.
9784	With favorable wind as well, the ocean certainly delivered its part.
9785	With Gruden on board in Oakland, expectations are high for the Raiders heading into next season.
9786	With helicopters flying low overhead, Landing Craft from HMS Albion put ashore commandos and Viking armoured vehicles onto the beach The enemy position was rapidly secured in a demo of the close co-operation between Brunei and the UK.
9787	With his presentation, Dawson took the audience through the steps involved in making soap.
9788	With his tax breaks, tariff wars Trump has the country headed for another financial disaster if we are not vigilant.
9789	Within 10 min my other child called & said he didn’t feel safe, it sounded like chaios.
9790	Within a year, it has garnered 7.5 million readers, according to Oluwatoyosi Ogunseye, BBC’s head of West Africa languages, with its biggest audiences in Ghana, Nigeria and Cameroon.
9791	With increased interest in healthy, sustainable and economic transportation options, it is not surprising that, from 2000 to 2013, the number of bicycle commuters in the U.S. grew by more than 62 percent.
9792	Within Pi Kappa Phi’s philanthropy, The Ability Experience, Brown plans to participate in a summer event called Journeyof Hope.
9793	Within the fragmented structure, some moments work better than others.
9794	With it, one can regain lost vision and see the world clearly.
9795	With Johri being sidelined in the here and now, the CoA had to fall upon Amitabh Choudhary to represent BCCI at the ICC.
9796	With just 5 seconds left to play and Schaeffer down two points, Bothun was pushing the ball down the floor for a last-second shot, but Elton took the ball away, was fouled, and sank 2 free throws to make it a 4-point SG lead with only 4 seconds left.
9797	With Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar no longer in Russia, Hazard and Mbappe have taken over as the stars of the World Cup and there was a buzz every time either got the ball.
9798	With more regions than any other cloud provider, Microsoft Azure provides the global scale and trusted platform to meet the needs of the marketing industry.
9799	With more that can be added, suffice it to mention that the city of Gallup passed a 2017 resolution (R2016-40) declaring the second Monday of October as “Indigenous Peoples Day” into perpetuity.
9800	With no way to control where or when the Chinese vehicle re-enters, it’s impossible to predict the exact location where all that debris will land.
9801	With nuclear deal on ropes, Iran awaits new US sanctions (Today) - Iran is preparing for new US sanctions primarily directed at its oil sector.
9802	With one out in the inning, the Racers had the bases loaded, but were unable to capitalize with the game staying at 3-2.
9803	With on ice success, it’s baffling that the team is struggling at the gate.
9804	With only two returning pitchers on the roster, one of whom was a senior, Mueller needed to add another hurler.
9805	With or without her hot tea, there’s little doubt that Mariah will ever be like “everyone else,” but it was still kind of her to pretend otherwise.
9806	Without a doubt the most iconic of all London buses.
9807	Without a doubt, Yes Way Rosé is the best out of three options.
9808	Without Amir, there would still be firepower in the bowling line, which can defend or restrict the opposition as needed.
9809	Without question, companies that knowingly hire immigrants who’ve arrived here illegally shouldn’t be let off the hook.
9810	Without revealing too much, the girls face challenges we would all like to believe are far from a teenager’s mind, and in the process, they ask the audience to think without spewing propaganda.
9811	With over 51 overdoses in the city last September alone, that number was staying steady.
9812	With respect to the investigation, the Commission found that no formal report was made until October 17; one day after the Chief Constable presented himself for questioning after being subpoenaed.
9813	With Sir Alex Ferguson it was different, I agree with you.
9814	With so many other educational options available to today’s students, we need to keep public school relevant.
9815	With such an important mandate, this year’s G-24 Technical Group Meeting covers a very timely theme – “debt management and sustainability; and mobilizing external funds amidst tightening global financial market conditions”.
9816	With the benefit of the wind, the Matildas side took a 3-1 lead into halftime.
9817	With the help of volunteers and staff, head Floriade gardener Andrew Forster cut flowers and dug up bulbs to distribute among the community.
9818	With the holidays in full swing, the group is heading into one of the toughest times in any military family’s year.
9819	With the legalization of cannabis comes the risk that people's perceptions will change, and believe it's not bad for them.
9820	“With the number of new technical innovations that will be included in the ship’s design we aim to have one of the most modern vessels in terms of crew safety and a reduced environmental impact.
9821	With the Peruvian Primera winding down the Clausura, the penultimate matchday afforded Melgar the chance to pull away with the title for good.
9822	With the release of WWE 2K19 the buttoned down approach 2K Sports took appears to have been scaled back.
9823	With these last five games, Lane is trying to keep their overall win percentage above 500.
9824	With the theme “Nurturing People,” these excellent subject matter experts will be sharing about the nuts and bolts in people management.
9825	With the use of computers, it is relatively easy to duplicate the signatures of accounts holders from check copies.
9826	With this, it’s completely different.”
9827	“With today’s busy lifestyle fast food is an easy option that people choose.”
9828	With two games left, including the season finale at conference leader Union Grove, Hyllberg knows his team needs to stay at its peak.
9829	Witnesses had nothing but praise for the NYPD officers.
9830	WLS-AM’s Jennifer Keiper checked out the five acres of show floor and colorful booths packed with chocolate, smoked meats, chips and other treats.
9831	Wolf was just doing her job, and she did it well.
9832	Women of Color of Time’s Up aims to organize around issues that are especially important to women and girls of color.
9833	“Women who decide to wrestle are a special type of women.
9834	Wonder who’s going to play CB for Green Bay?
9835	Woods and Meadow Hunting Preserve owner Scott Goetzka of Warrens, Wisconsin, said the cost of complying is too much for him and other deer farmers in the state.
9836	Worboys, 60, from Rotherhithe, east London, has moved over 200 miles from HMP Wakefield to Belmarsh in the capital ahead of his impending release on parole.
9837	“Words cannot describe our deep gratitude to everyone who has given us their support all these years.
9838	Work was to be completed by the NHAI by March 31 this year — a deadline the authority missed because it couldn’t get the pump out of the way.
9839	Worse, the government wants to make it compulsory to link bank accounts and mobile phone numbers to Aadhaar numbers.
9840	Worse, the outlet has nothing to substantiate its bogus allegations.
9841	WORTHINGTON — Evan Cummings wondered what traffic violation he’d committed Wednesday afternoon when he looked in the rear view mirror and saw blue and red flashing lights.
9842	Wouldn’t have guessed it’d only take him two years to do it.
9843	Would there be any benefits for fans of the actual comics?
9844	Wracked with grief, Mulray confronts his fear of flying head on as he jets out to Hong Kong to find out what happened to his late wife, and what she was doing over in Asia.
9845	WRENTHAM – A Wrentham District Court judge on Wednesday denied a request to allow a woman accused of threatening to shoot a reporter via email to use the internet for a limited purpose.
9846	Wright said he had no reason to prevent Edwards from sampling.
9847	Wright sets out to tell "for the first time" the story of Australia's part in the "epic drama" of the British suffrage struggle, a story of "how the world's newest nation became a global exemplar".
9848	Write them all down.
9849	Writing allows you to release your emotions into the pages as you release your deepest fears.
9850	Wu directed that one as well, working with the assistance of the Chinese military, which let him use its vehicles and equipment.
9851	WV Renaissance Festival touted to be ‘a tremendous economic driver’ for Greenbrier.
9852	WWE has released the video above with highlights from the night.
9853	WWF chief executive Tanya Steele said: “We are the first generation to know we’re destroying our planet and the last that can do anything about it.
9854	Wyden said Trump’s rush to enact tariffs has interrupted the flow of trade between western and far eastern nations to the point that he’s having to walk-back those tariffs.
9855	Wylde tells Jude Gold that the guitar was supposed to have a swirl design akin to Alfred Hitchcock's film poster, but the paint job came out wrong and he didn't have time to get it redone.
9856	Wyoming is shooting 43 percent from the field and holding the opposition to 42 percent.
9857	Xander could argue that Theresa wouldn’t have won otherwise, which would surely set her off.
9858	Xavier Labelle, right, was initially said to have been killed in Friday's bus crash near Tisdale, Sask., while Parker Tobin, left, was originally believed to have survived, but actually died.
9859	Xeljanz, made by Pfizer Labs, was previously approved in 2012 for rheumatoid arthritis and in 2017 for psoriatic arthritis.
9860	Xi also built artificial islands in the South China Sea and installed missiles on them despite promising not to militarize the islands.
9861	Yakob was a guest on McIntyre in the Morning.
9862	“Y’all, I am sorry that there’s no hyperbole in this piece / I am sorry that this is no metaphorical piece / I’m sorry that this piece isn’t memorized / I’m saving space in case I need to identify a face / I’m trying to remember my family,” she said.
9863	Yankees activate first baseman Greg Bird from DL - Sportsnet.caRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
9864	Yashaswini Sharma, an architect and researcher who has used multiple home healthcare companies for her parents, says that the quality was mostly poor.
9865	Yasin Aktay, an advisor to Erdogan, suggested last week that the body may have been dissolved.
9866	“Yeah, definitely the around-the-pole shot was unique, it can only happen in a bigger court where you play with the singles net.
9867	Yeah, it's 2018 and we say "homosexual ass" now, buster.
9868	Yeah, that's a fair assessment.
9869	Yeah, we know that.
9870	Yemen’s warring parties on Thursday agreed to a ceasefire for a vital port in a series of breakthroughs.
9871	Yerevan will host ArmHiTec-2018 second international exhibition of arms and defense technologies March 29-31.
9872	Yerry Mina was perhaps fortunate not to see his debut ended early after jumping into a challenge on Eden Hazard.
9873	Yes, and we kind of left the business model intentionally vague today because we're still working on looking at the different types of service needs and also different geographic needs.
9874	Yes, but it doesn't pay all the bills, You'll be on set and people think you're making money, but at the end of the day, you're just shooting for your friend, you're not making money.
9875	Yes, Puerto Rico has an infrastructure and resides in hurricane territory.
9876	Yes, some people need to realize they are abused.
9877	Yesterday, I wanted to show my colleagues and the voters that sent us that the time is now.
9878	Yes, they made a live-action movie of the little mermaid.
9879	Yes to the Wall - for the American People's security.
9880	“Yes, we embark on Route March exercise for us to be fit in the discharge of our duties and I am promising to work toward repositioning Mobility Command for tactical and strategic airlift in support of national security imperatives.
9881	"Yes, we might have changed the movie's actors, but its script is still the same.
9882	Yet, a coach is staying, in part, because of a great recruiting class just as happen in Ben Howland’s last year.
9883	Yet analytics is difficult, Robinson noted.
9884	Yet, he remains a mystery," said Sebastien Allard, painting director at the Louvre.
9885	Yet he will have rule over all my labor wherein I have labored, and wherein I have proved myself wise under the sun.”
9886	Yet in an attempt to deflect attention from a thorny refugee problem, Trudeau wants to shift the agenda to immigration writ large, branding anyone who challenges him “racist.”
9887	Yet, the same illegally imported grains were approved for release and use by the company.
9888	” Yet the thrill in the room was tangible.
9889	Yet they’re gaining fast.
9890	Yet this “tough” partner is the very same person who colluded with Israel and protected Tel Aviv’s interests in Syria.
9891	Yet Turkey is doing little in the way of squashing a possible crash, economists say.
9892	Yikes that’s some matchup.
9893	You are able to find small sample activities via the internet blog pages of every one of the qualified majors.
9894	You asked for it and we're getting it for you.
9895	You buy their album, fall in love with a few songs and attend a show only to discover that they just can't replicate the studio magic.
9896	You can also add a vast array of extra sensors, ranging from acoustic glass break sensors ($59) to water leak sensors ($39).
9897	You can also check results in full on our score centre, which will be updated in the coming moments.
9898	You can also do freelancing after this.
9899	You can bring any unlocked GSM device (i.e. phones from T-Mobile or AT&T) and use this service.
9900	“You can get a physical reaction from making it and from people seeing it,” Jing said.
9901	"You can get really lost out here and feel like you're the only one going through this."
9902	You can hear one friend in the clip begging for his friend Antonio to brake.
9903	You can read the full Farm Bill and Legislative Principles for 2018 here: https://www.
9904	You can serve people, you can be in healthcare, you can serve families, you can be a social worker.
9905	You can talk hands free.”
9906	You can't have great sex if your relationship is in tatters.
9907	You can -- with no fewer than three different mobile control schemes.
9908	You could start a club!
9909	You’d have to slice it pretty thin and say that this or that year and this or that model was more numerous than any other single model.
9910	You do it because it’s the right thing to do,” he said.
9911	You don't have permission to access /2018/04/angels-and-demons-and-the-draconian-liquor-amendment-bill/ on this server.
9912	You don't have permission to access /2018/06/29/журналисты-ощутили-сердце-великого-ш/ on this server.
9913	You don't have permission to access /2018/06/place-and-ymca-celebrate-25-year-milestones/ on this server.
9914	You don't have permission to access /2018/07/bloods-return-to-the-top/ on this server.
9915	You don't have permission to access /news/archive/2018/02/15/spc-hsr-sjd-tgif-show-your-weekend-adventure-guide-brought-to-you-by-maverik-5/ on this server.
9916	You don't have permission to access /news/archive/2018/12/21/william-robert-johnson/ on this server.
9917	You don't have permission to access /news/board-stuck-on-regulations-definition/ on this server.
9918	You don't have permission to access /news/travellers-cause-total-devastation-after-trashing-youth-football-club-site-6557/ on this server.
9919	You don't have permission to access /news/violent-partner-jailed-after-rupturing-womans-spleen/ on this server.
9920	You don't have permission to access /sknfa-matches-played-tue-15th-may-2018/ on this server.
9921	You don't have permission to access /the-vine/piece-liberia-arrives-fairfield-university/ on this server.
9922	"You don't have time to think about things that aren't totally important.
9923	“You don’t think something like that could happen to your child, but it did,” Ana Piperato said.
9924	“You’d trade and it was, OK, we’re friends now, we made each other a mixtape.”
9925	You feel that whatever fire that they had to keep the relationship going is diminishing, and that’s where we pick up Casey.
9926	You floss each night.
9927	You get a message from your “infected” friend telling you to open their video.
9928	You get cock blocked!
9929	You get treated for your injuries and, hopefully, you are fit again.
9930	“You got no shame, stake out your hideaway,” sings Jacquees.
9931	'You guys are too happy.
9932	You have to book well in advance; you couldn’t just rock up,” Sarah said.
9933	"You have to consider that in these last five years, we didn't have Berlusconi.
9934	You have to understand that the officials to whom you refer also know their limitations.
9935	“You have to watch Simona most closely in the bigger matches on the biggest occasions.
9936	“You hear a story like hers, and you’re like, ‘Oh my God … how could this be real?’
9937	You know artist small business takes license,” said Everson.
9938	You know, it's not like a me thing.
9939	You know, it wasn’t really supposed to be a double album but when you have 12 minute songs like “Rock Bottom” it makes it difficult.
9940	You know, like that kind of stuff.
9941	You know, Mariah had reached out to me about doing a duet, but unfortunately, it was just before I knew the bankruptcy was gonna happen (Braxton filed for bankruptcy in 1998 and 2010), but no one in the world knew.
9942	You know there’s millions of people watching and all that.
9943	You know who else liked brick ovens?
9944	You’ll also be able to find it at jennifernicholeporter.
9945	You’ll want to sport your best pirate outfit, as a costume contest has been teased on 10/31 Consortium’s Facebook page.
9946	You look at your children and as desperately as you love them, you’ve hurt them, terribly.
9947	You may be able to argue defense is more important, but both defense and offense win championships together.
9948	You may be afraid that ending the marriage will have it rough and tough as your wife is the one with greater economics.
9949	You may not be aware when you’re conserving resources, but someone is nevertheless left to pick up the slack.
9950	You might perpetually decide if they’d be ready to support you with any suggestions they have in such a problem.
9951	You might want to save out-of-the-way storage spaces for last since they're not places anyone sees every day — but don't forget to tackle them at some point.
9952	Young and the Restless (Y&R) spoilers tease that the Newmans will face a force to be reckoned with.
9953	Young said it would be a sad day for everyone employed by WWE if the man who singlehandedly turned people off from Raw becomes permanent general manager.
9954	“You pay a few bucks and can walk out without needing to change your behavior if you disagree with the psychic’s analysis,” Steele said.
9955	“Your actions demonstrate a serious disregard for your duties and responsibilities as a social service worker.”
9956	Your actions were not about children.
9957	Your answers to these and other questions can help you form the basis for communicating with and educating your workforce, partners and customers on the cultural changes IoT will bring.
9958	You're getting a good one, pic.
9959	You’re not even TRYING to cheer me up.
9960	You’re not going to like what comes next.
9961	Your Excellency, Mr President we are grateful Sir,’’ he said.
9962	Your Federal Government will spare no expense.
9963	Your intuition is your guardian angel.
9964	Your loving kindness, openness, strength, and grace touched so many.
9965	Your mind and body will thank you.
9966	Your Shallow minds think kuti ZANU PF has support from the Rural Areas.
9967	Your software is up to date.
9968	You should briefly mention it at the beginning of your next live stream saying, “Hey guys I’ve got this new awesome feature Super Chat.
9969	You started from a neutral point and then end up being sentimental.
9970	You taught me to stand up for others.
9971	You think Mr. Incest would stop at one daughter.
9972	Youths in politics, leadership and governance is something that must be taken with utmost value if Nigeria must attain greatness in future.
9973	YouTube has long had a problem with questionable content being uploaded onto its website and somehow not being removed.
9974	YouTube said it planned to read the complaint “thoroughly” but noted that “because YouTube is not for children, we’ve invested significantly in the creation of the YouTube Kids app to offer an alternative specifically designed for children.”
9975	“You’ve got to shoot into the empty net,” said Henry after the match.
9976	You’ve seen KCs in action: cooking at fish fries, distributing Tootsie Rolls to raise funds for individuals with intellectual disabilities and flipping pancakes at parish breakfasts to raise money for various parish activities.
9977	You’ve taken almost everyone else away from me, you are NOT taking her.
9978	You want aliens to come over our border and invade us even more?
9979	"You want to be sharp at the end of the year because this team has very high aspirations, and the goal is to win more than just the division in the regular season."
9980	You will note a change in our Paws to Read schedule.
9981	Yu Darvish plans to throw a bullpen Thursday in his next step toward rejoining the Chicago Cubs’ rotation.
9982	Yukon Striker will be part of the newly themed area Frontier Canada, an area that has been in the making for more than 37 years.
9983	Yuvraj Singh, Gautam Gambhir, R Ashwin and Ajinkya Rahane are expected to fetch big amount in the auction.
9984	Zacks Investment Research currently has $13.00 price target on the basic materials company’s stock.
9985	Zacks Investment Research raised Hershey from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $116.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, September 24th.
9986	Zanu-PF has immersed in interacting with other political actors into much deeper heights of embracing political dissent.
9987	Zavier Mason, left, among others.
9988	Zaw Ye Naung said to be certified organic, they would need to feed the chickens organic food, which they cannot afford because the prices are so high.
9989	Zeke Capital Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Loxo Oncology during the 2nd quarter worth $208,000.
9990	Zero-deforestation pledges made by governments and large tyre companies, as well as the enforcement of forest protection laws, are crucial to curb rubber expansion, the report said.
9991	Zifa sued over security services debt - Business Daily News Zimbabwe Chamisa rescues Mudzuri?
9992	“Zimbabwe is going around the world seeking investors to put money into Zimbabwe, but they make it almost impossible,” he said.
9993	“Zimbabwe is one of the few countries where a person can just receive $20 000 into their account and no red flags are raised.
9994	Zimplats, the southern African country’s top platinum producer, has sold 10% to employees and is concluding an agreement to sell an additional 10% to communities, Muller said.
9995	Zirotti's first personal experiences dining out alone came in her early 20s, as a young Frenchwoman in San Francisco, where she'd moved with her boyfriend and now husband, Laurent, the James Beard Award-nominated head chef of Fleur de Sel.
9996	ZTE serves as a case study of the challenges China faces as it seeks to enter its next phase of growth.
9997	Zuckerberg’s apology followed a days-long stream of damaging accusations against the world’s biggest social network, which now faces probes on both sides of the Atlantic.
9998	Zuckerberg, who notoriously declares an ambitious New Year's challenge for himself each year, said last week that his focus this year would be on "fixing" Facebook's problems, which includes abuse.
9999	Zucker gave the Wild their second lead of the game with a one-timer with 7:43 remaining.
10000	Zuma’s resignation leaves the path clear for deputy president, Cyril Ramaphosa, who took over the leadership of the ANC in December, to be elected by parliament as his successor.
